you know , one of the big trips to the journey , and the most prolific subject to work in the peer-reviewed research , in common to people who can remember the past , they can feel about the frozen leaves of the plants , they touch their past , their bitter leaves of the plants .
just knowing that there are still no beyond the milky way , or the meaning of the mysteries , the oldest of the inuit , or the meaning of the mysteries , the oldest to the oldest possibilities of anthropology , to call the sense of reality , as a model of the reality , as a consequence of the world &apos;s anthropology , to make sure , many generations ago .
and of course , we all share the same basic equipment .
we &apos;re all born . we &apos;re bringing children to the world .
we &apos;re going through the street .
we have to be concerned with the fourth separation of death , and so we shouldn &apos;t be surprised to be all singing , dancing and art .
but interesting is the unique tone of the fittest , the rhythm of the dance , in every culture .
it doesn &apos;t matter whether it &apos;s in the woods of borneo , or the u.s. sector in haiti , or the warriors in haiti , or the warriors in the middle of the sahara , or the lowest of the middle in the sahara , in everest , the mother &apos;s mother &apos;s mother .
all these people teach us that there are other kinds of other kinds of thinking about thinking , other ways of guidance on earth .
and that &apos;s an idea that if you think about it , you can only fulfill a hope .
together , these thousands of thousands of the world are a web of a vast and cultural life that &apos;s going to be the earth &apos;s climate , and the world &apos;s most important , as well as the biological ones , that you know as biosphere itself .
you can imagine this cultural imperative as a quantum engineering . high-power of the ideas can be considered to all thoughts and dreams , myths and intuitions , inspiration and intuitions that have been produced by human imagination since the beginning of consciousness .
the main legacy is the great legacy of humanity .
it &apos;s the symbol of all of what we are and what we &apos;re doing as an amazing species of species .
and as the biosphere has been significantly lost , this was the fastest standard with the average speed of the car -- just with even more speed .
no biologist , for instance , would be to say that 50 percent or more of all species are going to be extinction by the level of the biological diversity -- hardly in the terms of what we &apos;re known as most of us as a mammalian francisco , in the cultural diversity .
and the crucial indicator of this is the extinction of languages .
when any of you in this room were born , there were 6,000 languages spoken on the planet .
now , a language is not just the sum of the vocabulary or a series of mine .
a language is expression of human mind .
it &apos;s a means that it &apos;s a certain level of the soul to find a certain of the physical world .
every language is like a bribe forest of mind , a turning point , a kind of an ecosystem possibilities .
and of these 6,000 languages today , while we &apos;re sitting here in monterey , that &apos;s just half not in the ears of children &apos;s ears .
they &apos;re not taught any infants . that means if nothing is done , they &apos;re actually dead .
what could be lonely as the silence of being one of the last people who speak your language , no way to have the wisdom of the ancestors to be able to do , or expect to expect children to expect ?
and yet , this terrible destiny is actually somebody in the earth , about two weeks , because every two weeks , a elderly dies , they die , and the last nickname , an elderly language , is the grave .
and i know some of you say , &quot; isn &apos;t it better ? &quot; if we would all speak a language , if we all would speak a language ? &quot; and i say , &quot; well , let &apos;s say , &quot; well , let &apos;s be born that language . let &apos;s be born .
let &apos;s be accused . &quot;
and then you suddenly realize how it would not be , if you don &apos;t speak your own language .
so i want to take you through a way of a journey in a way through the ted hours , a brief journey through the street trying to make them understand what actually was going to be lost .
now , there &apos;s some of us who are in some sense that i think , if i say , &quot; different possibilities of his , &quot; really different possibilities of his mine .
if you take this kid in the northwest , the city of the amazon , the people of the state are the people who believe that they &apos;re putting the u.s. meat chain in the belly of sacred snakes .
this is a people who don &apos;t different between the colors blue and green , because the eastern seas is the forest that &apos;s dependent on the people , it &apos;s a lot of the people around it .
they have a curious language , and a vaccine that is called the linguistic consumer , you must marry somebody who talks to another language .
so all of this is the evident past , the advising of these big houses , where in the middle of the city , in which case the average age of six or seven languages , is that you never hear somebody learn a language that &apos;s learning a language .
they just hear and start talking .
or , one of the most intriguing tribes i &apos;ve ever lived with , the northeast extinction in ecuador , an amazing people who were the first time in 1958 , the most amazing people ever got contacted the first peaceful year in 1958 .
in 1957 , five missionaries would take her contact , and they made a damn mistake .
they shredded photographs of themselves from the air , which we would consider as a friendly gesture , of what we would have had that people had never seen a little more comfortable in the rainforest in their life .
they took these photographs from the forest floor , trying to see the shape , or the shape , didn &apos;t find that this business business was going to be the devil business , killing the five blows of the devil .
but the police weren &apos;t just killing up outside the spear .
they &apos;re bringing together each other .
54 percent of the deaths happened by the u.s .
we went back to eight generations of the rebuilding of two cases , and when we were in a forcibly forcibly , there were two cases of a natural death , and we had that one of the people that had gotten so old that he died , and he still killed him with the spear .
but at the same time , they had a clear knowledge of the forest that was amazing .
their predators could smell of 40 steps away , and determine what animals of this owned of one animal of 40 steps .
in the early days i got a really amazing job when my professor asked me if i was to go to haiti and i asked the secret societies to infiltrate the strength of the capacity and the curtain was the poison that was used to make sure that we make sure that we make sure .
so , to give a sense of this kind of thing , i had to know something about this remarkable belief of the most successful knowledge of the most successful knowledge and voodoo is not a cult of black magic .
in the opposite , it &apos;s a kind of complex worldview .
it &apos;s interesting .
if i would ask you to ask the great world of world leaders , what would you say ?
christianity , islam , liberals , disagree or whatever .
a continent is going to leave , because the guess was that in sub-saharan africa , there was no religious belief , of course , in sub-saharan africa , and there was one and voodoo is just the remnant of these very profound religious thoughts that belong to the tragic diaspora of the u.s .
but what makes voodoo interesting is that life is between the living and the dead .
the living gives birth to the minds .
the minds can be made from the big water , responses to the rhythm of the dance , to risk the spirit of the dance , to keep the spirit of a very bright moment for god .
they &apos;d like to say the security council , &quot; your white is going to be in the church and talking about god .
we dance in the temple , and they become god . &quot;
and because you &apos;re obsessed , you will take off the mind . how can you harm you ?
see the amazing demonstrations : nassau groupers in a white tube that &apos;s destroyed hot coal by combustion , an amazing idea of the ability of the mind to affect the body that it &apos;s going to be able to affect if it &apos;s rooted in an extreme arousal .
now , from all the people i met , the kogi from sierra nevada santa &apos;s junior , the most extraordinary .
progeny the old most ancient civilization that &apos;s covered the heart of the caribbean , and in the aftermath of the 20th times , was taken into a massively crowded fashion , which is going to be a huge amount of the democratic world .
in a martian continent , these people who had never been conquered by the previous prison .
until the day , they will lead by a ritual priesthood , which is a priesthood , but i &apos;m very extraordinary .
the young ones are separated from the age of three and four years from their families , in southern india , separate parts of the glacier &apos;s darkness for 18 years separate , in the surface of the glacier for 18 years , to be able to do the nine months of pregnancy , you spend a lot of time in your lap .
and during all this time , they become culturally vulnerable in the values of their society , values that maintain the claim that their prayers , and only their prayers , the cosmic -- or we could say the ecological -- balance .
at the end of this amazing age , one day , you &apos;ll suddenly get out of the outside , and for the first time in your life , at age 18 , you &apos;ll see a sunrise , and in this particular moment , the first beautiful landscape of consciousness is , when the sun starts to the slide , the amazing beautiful landscape is , suddenly , anything i &apos;ve told you .
it &apos;s so wonderful . you have to protect it . &quot;
they call the older brothers and say that we are the younger brothers , the destruction of the world .
now this is a level of intuition .
and whenever we think about the landscape of landscape and landscape , we either have a lot of time to go up and see the old mess of the fancy wild , which is a shocking thought , or he &apos;s going to be able to connect these people more than we do .
so , there &apos;s not 36 miles , they &apos;re still suspected , they &apos;re suffering from exxon &apos;s distress .
there &apos;s not much place to do it in the hudson &apos;s monetary winds or the cold winds of tibet , but they still have a mystery of the earth and ritual that &apos;s not based on the idea of being aware of it , but on a very noisy intuition , the idea of the earth can be done , because it &apos;s going to be safe in human consciousness .
so what does that mean ?
it means that a little child from the andes that grows in that believe that the mountain is a single hoax , or the other relationship , is to determine the other one , and a little bit of a relationship with that resource , or that &apos;s a little bit of a corresponding relationship with this resource , or that &apos;s a little bit of the fact that it can be cleaned up .
whether he &apos;s a hole or a pile of ore , is irrelevant .
the interesting thing is the metaphor that is defined between the individual and nature .
i grew up in the forests of british columbia and believed that these forests are there to be more competent .
this led me to another person than my friends in the classroom who believe that these forests &apos; paris and the curved spirits and the most tangible minds are the most primitive of the world to live in their homes .
now , if you start to think the idea of the idea that these cultures can create different realities of realities , you can understand some of their extraordinary discoveries .
it &apos;s a photograph i just took last april in the northwest of the amazon .
this is a lot of times that you &apos;ve heard about the most powerful major rewards of the repertoire of the stream .
what does this mean is that what makes you fascinating is not just the most powerful potential of this process , but it &apos;s actually going to be made out of two different sources . on one side , there &apos;s this wooden tube that &apos;s a series of plastic , namely , zero miles , a bunch of plastic molecules , but it &apos;s a little bit of the leaves of the family &apos;s spine with the name of the horse horse wearing quantum tunneling .
this plant has some very strong bacteria that serotonin , etc . , etc .
if you &apos;ve seen the entire street in terms of the stuff you &apos;ve found , this substance that you have to make these kinds of things contain different kinds of devices .
this powder is a bit of a little bit of a mess of the screen , and the landing &apos;s a bit of glass paintings and the landing on a sea of electricity .
it will not produce bias , it &apos;s not generating any resolution .
i even have to be with my professor , richard evan , who was the man who &apos;s the most primitive mushrooms in mexico , and the magic of the magic , i argued that you could not be able to put these kinds of minds as a pack .
but the thing with the fact is that they can &apos;t be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get away through a human gut , of course , with the name of the master &apos;s , going to be able to get rid of the name of the brain .
they can only be taken with some other chemicals that have been taken up by mao nets .
now , the fascinating thing is that the average industry that has been in the brain are highly correlated with the kind of thing that is necessary to be able to solve the public sector . ask yourself yourself .
how can these people out of a macedonia of 80,000 species are plants that find these two laws of plants that are able to find out , in the way that it &apos;s combined , a kind of technical version , so that the whole one is greater than the sum of its parts ?
we use this great euphemism , trying and mistakes and mistakes that it turns out .
but you ask the indians , you know , &quot; the plant is talking to us . &quot;
so what does that mean ?
this tribe , the ones that are highly dispersed , have 17 varieties of corn that they &apos;re seeing at all the vast distance of the forest that &apos;s like a way of thinking about our eyes as a way .
and then you ask them , how do you take your car bills and say , &quot; i thought you understand something of plants .
i mean , you know , at all , you know , &quot; and i said , &quot; no . &quot;
so it turns out you &apos;re not going to get any of the 17 varieties of plastic in your spare time and they sing them into a different scale .
now , that doesn &apos;t bring you a ph.d. at harvard , but it &apos;s much more interesting than count .
now , the problem is that even those of us , the sympathy , is that even those of us , the sympathy trait , they have the lowest capacity to look at the very hard world , to be able to look at the world , but to be able to see it , but just to be able to transfer the past , as the real world , is accelerating .
so , the fact that you &apos;re in the 20th century , in 300 years , not to be able to remember his wars or technical diversity on earth either , but rather than an era that we &apos;ve been present in and the massive devastation of the earth either active or cultural diversity .
all cultures have been involved in the dance with new residential programs .
and the problem is not technology .
the police are not listening to the sioux , as they bow and arrow over the americans , as americans stopped , when they stopped and they would do a noble tasks .
not change and technology are controlling the integrity of the state , it &apos;s power . the ugly face of regime .
and wherever you &apos;re going to be able to do the world , you &apos;ll discover that these cultures are not the doom of extinction , which is the most dynamic peoples living existence on some of the world &apos;s capacity , and it &apos;s been welcomed in asia , and it &apos;s been humiliated peoples living around the planet , and the way the japanese spring is the same , and it &apos;s been humiliated in southern america .
or if we go into the mountains of tibet , where i &apos;m working on a lot of work , you &apos;ll see ugly face of the political dominance .
you know , the genocide , the genocide , the most infected of people , but the federal rights , the destruction of the people &apos;s life , not only has not been convicted , but generally , in general , as part of a foreign genius .
and they can &apos;t understand the suffering of kindness , if they didn &apos;t have it at the expense level .
i went to a young colleague , and i went from in-group miles of self-learners by self-learners &apos;s seventh school events by farthest uv by the night and only when i came to saint my face , i saw the face behind the cultural revolution .
the father of this young child was identified as followers of dalai lama .
that meant that he had been killed during the chinese invasion .
his uncles fled their holiness , the diaspora who bring to nepal .
his mother was locked in , as punishment for being to be true .
he was buying in prison for two years , to hide under your prison , because she couldn &apos;t live without it .
the sister who did this brave act was brought into a college scanner .
so one day , it came out onto an antibiotic and twice , and they had to put them on a heavy camp for seven years .
the suffer kindness can be unbearable , but the most successful spirit of people is something more delicious .
and at the end of that , we &apos;re really going to have a choice , and we want to live in a world of world health or a sustainable world of diversity ?
margaret thatcher , the great anthropologist , said that it &apos;s their greatest fear that we can see in a thread , which is a way we &apos;re going to see in a thread , which is not just the whole range of human imagination to see a viable way of the human imagination , but we have to have some other options .
and it &apos;s humbling to think that our species has existed for 600,000 years .
the revolution that brought us agriculture , and we &apos;ve got the cult of the federal genome to the cult of the priesthood , and the word of the cult of the foreign bank , the poetry of the priesthood , and was created by 10,000 years ago .
the modern industrial world , as we know it is hardly 300 years old .
now , this shallow story doesn &apos;t tell me that we have all the answers to the challenges we are in the coming millennia .
if we ask these myriad questions about the meaning of human questions , they answer 10,000 different voices .
and in this song , we &apos;re going to engage in the opportunity to be able to be what we are : people with full consciousness that are really aware of that , that all people and gardens can be thriving is that all people and gardens must be thriving .
this is a photograph i took at the northern end of the day when i was flying on the street , and this man , i told me , was a wonderful story of his grandfather .
the canadian government , the canadian government , is not always very good with the inuit , and during the most part of our sector , they were forced to pull into settlements .
the grandfather &apos;s grandfather refused to be .
the family , the fear of his life , had all the weapons and all the tools .
now you know , the inuit are not afraid of the cold , they used to be their benefit .
the wind &apos;s burning , it was originally made from fish that were made in southern sweden .
the man &apos;s husband was not afraid of the arctic night or the dead storm .
he &apos;d come out to go out and put his pants out of hawaii and put it in his hand , and when the feces began to plant , he formed a style .
he &apos;s got rid of the pages of the day and when it was entirely frozen , he had a dog that was going to be completely .
he &apos;s got the dog and squeezing a dishes , took a band-aid on the front of the dog and m. sled , and the front of the car with the front of the garage belt .
you can do something like that .
and so this is a symbol of the resistance of the inuit , and all of the indigenous in the world .
the canadian government gave the inuit to the inuit , 1999 to the complete control of an area that is larger than california and texas .
it &apos;s our new home country , and it &apos;s called a lexicon .
it &apos;s an independent area . they all control the whole range of them .
an amazing example of how a nation , a state , can look for the people who are looking for the world and then achieve .
and finally , i think it &apos;s pretty obvious , at least for those of us who have traveled to the distant goals of the earth , to see that they &apos;re not going to be away from all the way .
they &apos;re the ones who are born by somebody .
they represent parts of the human imagination that go back to the past time and all of us , to all the dreams of these children , the dreams of our own children &apos;s geography are the hope of hope of our own children of hope .
what we ended up trying to do at national geographic is that politicians never achieve anything .
we believe that there &apos;s a lot of us -- we believe that it &apos;s not compelling , but we believe that storytelling can change the world , and we &apos;re probably the best institution for storytelling in the world . our website receives 35 million volumes every month .
156 nations send our solo laws .
our magazines are read from millions of people .
and we &apos;re doing a series of trips to the extent that we have to take our audiences of such cultural wonders , that they &apos;re wrong in the observe , and hopefully they &apos;ll find one after the other revelation of anthropology in a really multicultural 21st world that makes the wisdom of all the people in a truly multicultural scientific world .
thank you .
what i first want to show you is as quickly as possible , is the basic work , a new technology that we have as a part of a snapshot of a snapshot , a new technology that we have as a part of a constant data .
we see a lot of pictures , a bunch of books with digital photos that you can find and continually cease to rethink the way that it &apos;s going to be new .
and it doesn &apos;t matter how many information we look at how big these collections are , or how big the images are .
most of you are digital photos of a camera , but this one is like a scan from library of congress and it &apos;s in a domain of 300 microns .
it doesn &apos;t make any difference , because the only thing that can be able to impact a system like this is the number of pixels on their screen at every moment . it &apos;s a very flexible architecture .
this is a whole book , an example of a book .
this is a mere house house of dickens . every column is a chapter .
to prove that it &apos;s really a text , not to be a picture , and we can do something like this , to really show that this is a real representation of the science and not a picture .
maybe this is an artificial way to read a brand .
i wouldn &apos;t recommend it .
this is a huge case . this is a copy of the guardian .
every big picture is the beginning of a story .
and that &apos;s really the pleasure and the good experience of a real computer magazine or a newspaper to read what a whole medium with multiple scales is .
we &apos;ve also done something about the corner of this particular edition of the guardian .
we designed a wrong ad with very high resolution , which is much higher than a regular ad , and we added additional content .
if you want to see the functions of this car , you can see you can see here .
or other models , or even of the kind of kind of , of the kind of , of the kind of , of the kind of , of the kind of , of the kind of germ specs .
and this is really really important to try to stop these limitations in the available place .
we hope that that &apos;s not a pair of links and other nonsense -- that should not be necessary .
of course , the mapping is , of course , the ability for a technology like this .
and i don &apos;t want to spend a lot of time here , except to say that we are going to contribute to this sector .
but these are all streets in the u.s .
it &apos;s at the top of nasa &apos;s view of nasa &apos;s view .
let &apos;s take a little bit of something else .
this is actually live in the internet . you can &apos;t get it .
this is a project called the names of the actual creation , really two different technologies .
one is a lot of the time , and the other is a very good research on the street that &apos;s a college college student , in washington university , in washington university , in the university of steve atom , in the u.s .
and rick researcher from microsoft research was done a very good collaboration .
so this is live on the internet . it &apos;s driven by a fiber of phosphorus .
you can see that if we create these kinds of views that we can be through images of images , and the experience of multiple resolution .
but the spatial orientation of the images is actually really important .
the main ones that have been shown together are these images that they put together the real space that they &apos;re all in near the african field of testing in the canadian few of the modern visits , and they &apos;re seeing these elements of ice in relation to each other in relation to each other .
i don &apos;t know exactly if i have time to show you other environments .
there are what we are doing are the far humiliation .
i would like to show right one of the original data data of noah &apos;s summer , and that &apos;s from a early prototype of the same prototype that we &apos;ve been working on in summer to show you what i believe is the punchline to the environments that we &apos;ve been working on on the website .
we had to worry about the lawyers and the lawyers .
this is a reconstruction of ripe dame , which was just in the computers with images of flickr , just give up pictures in t-shirts and they get pictures of men in t-shirts and on the most pristine stuff , each of this orange .
so these are all handmade , and they all are in the way that they are in relation to each other in the way .
and we can navigate this very simple way .
you know , i never believed that i will work at microsoft .
i &apos;m very grateful for the reception .
i suspect you can see that this is a lot of different cameras : everything is that , from the elite to professional professional standards , it &apos;s a pretty large number of you all that are all in this environment .
and if possible , i &apos;ll find some of the weird things .
many of you are faces and so forth .
there &apos;s a number of photographs -- here you are .
this is actually a poster of ripe dame , which was really recorded .
we can change from the poster to a physical view of this environment .
the point is that we can do things with the social environment . there &apos;s all of the data collected -- from all the collective storage of storage , how visual looks -- and everything is connected .
all these photos are connected , and there &apos;s something that is bigger than the sum of the parts .
they get a model that comes out of all of the earth .
consider this as the sequel of the work of stephen de &apos;clock on virtual earth .
and that &apos;s something that is going to be through the complexity that people use it , and it &apos;s going to use its utility for the user .
your own photos are going to have a pair of chapters that had another person entered .
if someone has been doing it , and all of these sacred identified and tells you who you &apos;re all , then my photograph is the perpetual falcon suddenly , and i can use them as a starting point to dive in into this room , into these kinds of values , and i can use them as a starting point of social experience with the use of other players .
and of course , of all of these are the vast rich virtual models of any interesting part of the earth , not just by using computers or satellite images and so on , but through collective memory .
thank you .
do i understand it ? your software enables that to be able to do that at a certain time , in the next few years , all the images that are used in the world are essentially connected to one another ?
yeah . it doesn &apos;t do anything else than you discover .
if you want to make a difference between the images .
and it does this because of the content in the images .
and that &apos;s really exciting , if you think about the abundance of semantic information , which is a lot of these images .
as you do a long-term test for pictures , where you put sentences , you have a lot of information , and the text of the website contains a lot of information about what &apos;s image .
but what about the image you &apos;re using with all your imagery ?
then the volume of semantic cycle and the abundance that makes it up , really enormously , it &apos;s a classic classic .
ah , that &apos;s really incredible . thanks .
thank you very much .
i &apos;m going to tell you some things from my book , the way i hope in unison with other things you &apos;ve heard , and i &apos;ll try to make myself a few connections if you haven &apos;t noticed those .
i want to start with what i call &quot; victims &quot; .
the official head of what ?
the official world of all western societies .
the official way of the car operates is that if our goal is to maximize the maximize the good good for our citizens , this is all about the basic power of freedom of freedom .
the reason for that is that freedom is good , valuable , meaningful , meaning that the cause of the human .
if people have freedom , each of us is to do things that maximize our collective and nobody has to decide for us .
the way freedom is maximize is necessary to maximize choices .
the more choices people have , the more freedom they have , and the more freedom they have , the more common common resources .
this is , i think , so deep in our supply chain that would not come to mind .
and it &apos;s also rooted in our lives .
i &apos;ll give you some examples of what makes us modern progress .
this is my supermarket . no big .
i just want to say something about a lot of time .
there &apos;s 175 eastern markets in my supermarket , if you don &apos;t get the 10 extra extra cars , you could buy 12 dollars to make a large number of your wives , in the unlikely case , that no 175 in the car for you is right now .
so that &apos;s what the supermarket is like .
and then they go to the store store a stereo -- speakers , boom , a bicycle card , radio , triumph , a bicycle helmet , radio , triumph . and in this one electronics , there are so many stereo facilities .
we can put together millions of different stereo together in this kind of mass that will be offered in this business .
you have to admit that that &apos;s a big choice .
in other areas , the world of communication .
there was a time when i was a boy , there was a phone , you could have a phone plan that you wanted to be by ma bell .
they rented their phone . they didn &apos;t buy it .
and a consequence of that was that the telephone was never broken .
these days are over .
we have almost an infinite choice of telephones , especially in the world of mobile phones .
these are the mobile phones of the future .
my favorite is in the middle -- there &apos;s a lot of pants and stacks of photographs .
and if you &apos;ve seen this , you can &apos;t have seen this in your business , you can be sure that you &apos;ll soon be going to be soon .
and what it does is it makes people run into business and asking this question .
now , do you know what the answer is to this question ?
the answer is &quot; no . &quot;
it &apos;s not possible to buy a cell phone that doesn &apos;t do too much .
in other aspects of life , the very important thing is to buy the very important explosion of things that are being done .
health care -- it &apos;s not longer the case in the united states , and the doctor tells you what to do .
so , instead of going to a doctor , you &apos;ll tell them , we could do a do or we could make b .
a has these benefits and risks .
b has these benefits and risks . what do you want to do ?
and they say , &quot; doctor , what do i do ? &quot;
doctor says , &quot; a has these benefits and risks and b have those benefits and risks .
what do you want to do ?
and if you say , &quot; if you were , doctor , what would you do ? &quot;
the doctor says , &quot; but i &apos;m not them . &quot;
the result is -- we call it &quot; patient autonomy &quot; . that sounds like a good thing , but in reality , a shift of the burden of responsibility for somebody who knows something -- namely , the doctor &apos;s burden is a shift of responsibility for someone who &apos;s probably a good person .
there &apos;s an enormous marketing for people like it for people like them and me , that if you think about it , at all , no sense of power , because we don &apos;t buy it .
why do they advertise us if we cannot buy ?
and the answer is , you expect to call the doctor &apos;s next morning and ask to make a change of the prescription .
so , something as profound as our identity is now a question of choice , to be able to show the case .
we &apos;re not succeeding , we &apos;re inventing them .
and we &apos;re reinventing it as often as we want .
that means that every day you wake up in the morning , you have to decide what kind of person you want to be .
in terms of marriage and family , there was a time where the norden was , that almost everybody had one , and they could get so quickly got married as they could , and then they got the kids as they could .
the only real election was &quot; who , not when , and not what they did after it .
nowadays , it &apos;s all just easy .
i teach a great intelligent students , and i &apos;ll give them 20 percent less work than i did .
and that &apos;s not because they &apos;re being smart , not because they &apos;re very carefully aware of it .
it &apos;s because you &apos;re busy doing other things , you ask yourself , &quot; should i marry or not ? should i get married ? &quot;
should i get married ? should i have children , or do i have a career ? &quot;
they &apos;re all kinds of questions .
and you &apos;ll answer these questions regardless of whether it means all the tasks that i &apos;m going to do , and not get good grade in my class .
and in fact , they should do that . these are important to ask questions .
work -- we &apos;re blessed how carl explained that it has made us every minute of working on the planet , until the most minute in the planet , until the hotel &apos;s hotel .
there &apos;s a corner of the way that i &apos;m not going to tell you about that .
i &apos;m not going to tell you because i want to use it .
so what it means is that this incredible freedom of choice we have to make in terms of work , again , again and again , if we should work or not work .
we can look at soccer in our kids , and we can see our mobile phone on the one hip , and our blackberry to give our blackberry to our own lap , and our laptop may probably be on our lap .
and even if you all turned off , every minute in the morning , we asked our child to be cut , in rigorous , we ask ourselves , &quot; should i accept this call ?
should i answer this email ? should i write this letter ? &quot;
and even if the answer to the question , &quot; no , &quot; is it certainly going to be your experience of the most successful of your child that would have been very different .
all over the place , where we look , big things and small things , tangible things and lifestyle , life is a question of choice .
and the world in which we lived in the world was this .
and i want to say , there were some choices , but not everything was a question of choice .
and the world in which we see it is happening .
and the question is , are the good or bad news ?
the answer is yes .
we all know what &apos;s good about it , so i &apos;ll be bad about what &apos;s wrong .
all these choices have two effects , two negative effects on people .
an effect , a cost-effective way , is that it &apos;s comprised of cake .
with so many options you can choose , it &apos;s very hard to decide at all .
i &apos;ll give you another example of this , a study of investment in volunteers .
a colleague of mine had access to me at the expense of the vast majority of the arts , the gigantic oil industry of about a million collaborators , about in 2000 different jobs .
and what she found was a 10 percent hostage who offered the employers who took care of two percent .
they provide 50 percent of the time -- 10 percent less than if it would be only five to five employees . why ?
because it &apos;s 50 percent of the choices that are going to be able to have a choice , it &apos;s so hard to decide what you should choose to do it tomorrow .
and then tomorrow , and then tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , of course , it &apos;s never coming .
understand that that &apos;s not just that people &apos; food are going to eat food , if they &apos;re going to be in the retirement , because they don &apos;t have enough money to do it , it means that they &apos;re going to miss large retirement their employers .
by participation they have been on the verge of the u.s. to grow a little $ 5,000 u.s. year on the average age that would be happy to reproduce their contributions .
paralysis is a consequence of many choices .
and i think it makes the world look like this .
they want to make the decision really really , if it &apos;s all eternity , right ?
they don &apos;t want the wrong investment for the help , or even the wrong ones .
so that &apos;s one effect . the other effect is that even if we get the paralysis over the course of the time and make a decision , we end up with less content with the outcome of the choice , than if we had the possibility of the possibility of ourselves between less possibilities .
and there are several reasons for this .
one of them is , through the great choices of different people , if they buy a buy , and it &apos;s not perfect -- and it &apos;s not perfect -- and that &apos;s just a matter of what you have , that you have a different choice , and what happens is that you have a good choice .
the more possibilities there are , the easier it is , at all , that &apos;s disappointing some choice .
secondly , what economists call economists call themselves .
dan gilbert has done a big point now in doing this morning by telling how much the way we judge things , of what we &apos;re comparing to .
well , if there &apos;s lots of alternatives to think , it &apos;s just attractive properties of the alternative that you &apos;re willing to imagine , that makes you less happy with the alternative that you &apos;ve picked up .
here &apos;s an example . for those of you who are not new york , i apologize .
but here &apos;s what you should have thought .
so here &apos;s a couple of the den bears .
very expensive real estate .
beautiful beach . great day . they have everything for itself .
what could be better ? &quot; &quot; damn &quot; the man thinks , &quot; it &apos;s august august .
everybody in my neighborhood is gone .
i could park directly in front of my house . &quot;
and he has two weeks of thoughts , and he &apos;s never going to have a chance to have a good parking day .
occasionally , the happiness is down to our selection , even if we have been chosen , we have a fantastic way of doing it .
and the more possibilities there are choices , the more attractive properties of these choices will be put into account the accounts of the drug .
here &apos;s another example .
now , this cartoon makes some statements .
he &apos;s doing a statement about it now , and maybe it &apos;s going to be slowly .
but one more important point he does is , always , who you decide for one thing , don &apos;t decide other things .
and these other things like these are many attractive properties , and it will be what you will do less with .
third , expectations of expectations .
this has been me when i was going to exchange my jeans .
i &apos;m wearing jeans , almost all the time .
and there was only one time in which there were only one way in which there were a way , and they bought them , and they &apos;ve got bad amounts , they were incredibly efficient , and if they had been carried out and often had enough gear , they &apos;ve started to feel &quot; ok .
so , to buy new jeans for many years of the old age of the old , i said , &quot; i &apos;d like to have a few jeans , here &apos;s my size . &quot;
and the sales person said , &quot; you want a nice , easy way to make yourself long ?
do you want buttons or half ? rock or sulfuric ?
do you want to go to holes ?
if you &apos;d cut down the bottom , your blah , blah , blah , blah , he told me .
my pine jaw was down , and after i recovered , i said , &quot; i would like to have the way that i used the only way . &quot;
he had no idea what this was , so i spent an hour of all the damn jeans and rang the business -- and i say the truth -- with the best , i &apos;ve ever had sex .
i had better enough . all of these choices allowed me to have better .
but i felt bad .
why ? i wrote a whole book to try to explain it to me .
the reason i felt worse is with all these available possibilities , my expectations for what a good couple of jeans is , my expectations , what i &apos;m going to do .
i had very low expectations . i had no special expectations than it was just in a way .
when they came in 100 species , he would have been perfect , one of them would have been perfect .
and what i got was good , but it wasn &apos;t perfect .
and so i compared what i expected , and what i had was disappointing was disappointing times to what i expected .
the addition to the possibilities of people increases that , inevitably , the expectations people have been going to be like good ones , how good those possibilities are .
and that leads to less satisfaction with the results , even when the results are good .
none in the world of marketing knows this , because if you would , you know , you all know what it is .
the truth is more like this .
the reason that i was more productive than anything was worse than anything was worse than anything , was it for people to make experiences that were a pleasant surprise .
nowadays , in the world we live -- we have wealthy , industrialized citizens , with perfection as an expectation , the best for you to hope to be the things that are as good as you expect it .
they will never be pleasant because their expectations , my expectations , are big .
the secret to the debate -- that &apos;s what you all have to do -- the secret to the gay is low expectations .
i want to say -- a short moment of a moment -- i &apos;m married with a woman , and she &apos;s really wonderful .
i wouldn &apos;t have to make it better . i didn &apos;t have any surprises .
but gratification is not always a bad thing .
ultimately , a consequence of the gang &apos;s death row was standing down to a way that if you &apos;re unhappy , you &apos;re unhappy , and you wonder why , who is responsible , the answer is that you can do it ?
when hundreds of different kinds of jeans are available , and they buy a compensate , and they ask why , who is responsible ?
it &apos;s also clear that the answer is to be the question : it &apos;s .
they could do better .
there &apos;s no excuse for mistakes in the windows , there &apos;s no excuse for mistakes .
and so , when people make decisions , and even if the results of choices are good , they feel less about it , they &apos;re accuse themselves , they &apos;re accuse themselves .
clinical depression exploded in the industrial world in the last generation .
i believe a significant -- not the only one , but an enormous amount of communications that people have been experiencing , because their standards are so high , they have trouble having their standards , because their standards are so high , and then they would be their fault .
and so the fact is that it &apos;s better , we &apos;re objective , objective , and we feel worse .
so let me remind you .
this is the official sea , which is one that we all think about , completely wrong . it &apos;s not true .
there &apos;s no question that &apos;s better than not , but it doesn &apos;t follow the more choices than something choice .
there &apos;s a magical amount . i don &apos;t know what it is .
i &apos;m quite sure that we &apos;ve missed this point for a long time to make our collective greater value .
now , as an election question -- i &apos;m almost finished -- as an election question , which is what all of these choices are about to think about , what all of these selection societies are going to be like in the industrialized societies .
there are many places in the world , and we &apos;ve heard about many of you who are not the problem that is really good .
your problem is that you have too little .
so the things i &apos;m talking about is a curious problem of modern , rich , western societies .
and what &apos;s so frustrating and annoying is , steve stalin &apos;s telling you about how this expensive and hard to do yesterday is how this expensive and hard car seats don &apos;t help . it &apos;s a waste of money .
what i &apos;m telling you is that these expensive , complicated choices -- it &apos;s not easy that you don &apos;t help .
they actually hurt .
you &apos;re worried that we are bad .
if something of what the people of our society allow our society to make people have a little choice , not only life in humans , not only life that would be improved , but we would be improved .
economists call this an intentional application .
it &apos;s going to be a lot of time getting it to all the better -- not just the poor -- because all these major choices are essential .
finally , read this cartoon , and a breakthrough person , say , &quot; ah ! what does this fish know ?
you don &apos;t know anything that &apos;s possible in this room . &quot;
impoverished imagination , a vibrant view of the world -- and that &apos;s the way i read it first .
i think the more i thought about it , the more i come to the view that the fish know .
because the truth is that if you break that down , you &apos;re not going to have freedom . you have paralysis .
if you break that down , you &apos;ll lower it , so that it &apos;s possible .
it increases paralysis and gets it down .
everybody needs a security program .
this is almost complete security -- it &apos;s probably for fish , definitely for the fish , for sure .
but the point of being a metaphor is a recipe for misery , and , i suspect , disaster .
thank you very much .
you know , i &apos;ve talked about some of these projects earlier about the human genome and what that might mean , and the discovery of new groups of genes .
in fact , we &apos;re going to have a new point : we &apos;ve digitized biology , and now we &apos;re trying to get out of the digital code in a new stage of biology , and build new life and build .
we always have to ask significant questions .
what is life ? it &apos;s something i believe that many biologists have tried to understand and that on different levels .
we &apos;ve tried different ways to simplify it to be able to simplify it .
we &apos;ve digitized almost 20 years . when we sequenced the overall sequence of the analog world in biology to the digital world of biology .
now , we &apos;re trying to ask , if we can regenerate life or can we make new life from this digital universe ?
this is the map of a small organism , cut cell emissions , the smallest genome of a species that can replicate itself in the lab , and we &apos;ve tried to achieve that with a smaller genome .
we &apos;ve managed to do about a hundred genes to do the 500 or the ones that are here .
but if we look at this metabolic map that is very simple , you can trust it , and you can trust all these genes we can get from one of the other , that &apos;s very unlikely , but if we can take all these genes we can take one of the other cell .
so we decided that it &apos;s the only way we actually put it on the front of this chromosome , which allows us to vary the individual components and ask some of these fundamental questions .
and so we started to wonder , do we get a chromosome , huh ?
does it make the chemistry really make these really large molecules that have never been done before ?
and if we can do that , we can start the chromosome ?
and a chromosome is just a piece of chemical material .
our steps are now , in fact , exponential .
our ability to write the genetic code has been very slowly evolved , and we &apos;ve been able to have our last point now , and then we would have been able to put our last point on a exponential curve .
we started with this in 15 years ago .
it took a few years from now , starting with a minimum review , before we did the first experiments .
it turns out it &apos;s very difficult .
there are tens of thousands of machines around the world to make small pieces of dna , 30 to 50 letters long , but it &apos;s a process of a process , so the longer you make a piece of mistakes that happen .
so we had to develop a new way of building these little bits and could fix the mistakes .
this was our first attempt , starting with the digital information , the genome phi x rand .
it &apos;s a little virus that kills bacteria .
we made small pieces , we made a selection correction , and a dna molecule that has about 5,000 letters .
the exciting stage came when we took this piece of carbon , and that was a bacterium , and the bacteria started reading the genetic code , and made a viral particles .
the viral particles were released from the cells , and they came back and killing e. e. coli .
recently , i talked about the oil industry , and they said that they would understand this model exactly .
they laughed more than they do it .
so we think that this is a situation in the software that actually can build your hardware hardware in a biological system .
but we wanted to go far further . we wanted to build a whole chromosome . it &apos;s more than a trivial letter of genetic code , so we thought we could vary it in piles of scale of the virus that we &apos;ve seen the single components of a living cell .
design is the key , and if you want to start with digital information in the computer , that digital information is really accurate .
when we first sequenced the genome in 1995 , the average aircraft was at a mistake that we call a 10,000 base of 10,000 pairs of 10,000 .
we found 30 mistakes in the morning , if we had the original sequence would never have been possible .
part of the design is to create pieces of design , and the other other coal-fired pieces of the design , and the other other other elements are to build smaller together to build smaller amounts of wood .
we have a unique elements in this .
you may have heard that we &apos;ve built them together .
think about it : we have a transformative code : a , c , g and t and t .
so , these letters -- these letters , encode things about 20 amino acids , and here &apos;s a single one of the amino acids for each of these amino acids .
so we can use the genetic code to write our words , phrases , thoughts .
we only signed up .
some people were disappointed that there was no poetry .
we &apos;ve been able to make these pieces just together and break them together , and there &apos;s enzymes that repair these repair and again combined again .
and we started making pieces , starting with pieces of eight to four letters , each these together to make a rubber tube in order to make these kinds of self-assemble , until to make these kinds of self-assemble .
in every step of the way we could have these pieces of these things that we could sequence them , because we try to create a very robust process what they &apos;re going to see in a minute .
we &apos;ve tried to get the point of the library .
so , it looks like a car accident .
if we get to these really big pieces -- with over 100,000 traffic pairs -- then it &apos;s not going to grow in e. coli . it &apos;s beyond all possibilities of modern biology , and so we were going to be able to do other mechanisms .
we knew about a mechanism called the intangible system of the brain , which can be used to fix dna and repair these pieces of pieces of dna .
here &apos;s an example of this . there &apos;s an organism called triple triple line of radiation , three million wheel of radiation .
you see the top field just apart apart apart the rise .
12 to 24 hours later , they put it together as it was .
we have thousands of organisms that can do that .
these organisms can be totally destroyed , they can actually live in a vacuum .
i &apos;m absolutely sure that life exists in space and move to search for aquatic conditions .
in fact , nasa has shown that there &apos;s a lot of them out there .
here &apos;s a subset of the molecule that we &apos;ve made by the molecule , we &apos;ve actually used these processes with the right design of the piece of pieces , and then we have a beer that automatically has the same design .
this is not a five-minute mountain of being a regular sleeping .
it &apos;s such a big molecule that we can even see it with the classroom .
this is footage over a period of six seconds .
this is the publication that we &apos;ve done recently .
this is about ancient letters of the code , it &apos;s the biggest molecule with the structure that ever became created by people .
it has a minimum amount of over 300 million .
if we could print it with a minimum of 10 and without the distances , it would be helpful to include the genetic code .
so , how do we do a chromosome ? how do we turn it ?
obviously , it &apos;s a very simple virus , it &apos;s very simple to deal with bacteria .
it &apos;s also easier to be able to do it in the way we &apos;re doing it , you take the nucleus out there and put it there , and that &apos;s what you &apos;ve all heard about the clone .
so in addition to the vaccine , we have a integrating in the cell , but it &apos;s only recently that we can make a complete chromosome from a cell to another one , and then it can activate that direct extension .
we have received the chromosome for a few kilometers , roughly said , are these two times from the way people and mice -- we gave some plants to break all the proteins , we were able to pick it up together to destroy all the proteins . and it was very amazing than we &apos;ve got to have a cell -- and it &apos;s very amazing .
the new chromosome was going to go into the cell .
in fact , we thought that here &apos;s the end , but we &apos;ve tried to make a difference .
this is the main issue of evolution here .
we find all kinds of species here , and we &apos;ve taken a third chromosome , or a third of the ground , every time thousands of characteristics in just a second way .
so people who imagine evolution as a gene that has changed a lot of biology , a lot of biology .
you have enzymes the eggs called the animals that actually digest dna .
the chromosome that was in the cell has no ; the chromosomes that we &apos;ve added .
it was in the cell phone , and it recognized the other chromosome as foreign material , and so we had just one cell with a new chromosome .
it &apos;s a blue whale of the gene that we &apos;ve added .
and after a very short time , it had all of the characteristics of the species , and they converted completely into a new species based on new software that we &apos;ve given in the cell .
all the proteins change to their appearance -- when we read the genetic code , it was exactly what we have running running .
it might sound like genomic fin , but we can actually change the process of moving things quite dramatically .
now i argues that this is not the most popular -- that &apos;s based on 3.5 billion years .
and i argues that we may have a new form of the explosion of the revolution in which there might be massive new development based on this digital design system .
why should we do that ?
i think it &apos;s pretty obvious about what we need .
we &apos;re in the process of a six billion people in the next 40 years .
to ask it to my context , i was born in 1946 .
today , three people on this planet are born in 1946 , and within 40 years , it &apos;s going to be four .
we have problems with food , fresh and clean water , medicine , medicine for tim billion people .
it becomes a challenge for nine to nine .
we need over five billion tons of coal , cigarettes , billions of drums of oil over the day .
if we think about biological processes or any process to replace that , it becomes a huge challenge .
then , of course , there &apos;s all the co2 co2 of this material that goes into the atmosphere .
we &apos;ve now been out of our discoveries from the whole world , a database with about 20 million genes , and i want to believe that these are the main world &apos;s rights .
the average school has a dozen components and look at the diversity that came out of this .
we &apos;re going to run out in the first line of biological reality and the one of our imagination .
we have today &apos;s technology today , and we have this fast way of doing what we call genetics as we call the genetics of genetics .
we now have the opportunity to make a big robot to build millions of chromosomes on a day .
if you imagine these 20 million different genes , or these processes to optimize drugs to make more biology , or drugs new vaccines , we can change with a small team more biology than the last 20 years of science .
and it &apos;s just selection . we can select for basic directions , production of chemicals or carbon dioxide and so on .
this is a shot of actually the actual field of actually working with you and new species on the computer , learning to be able to do new species on the computer .
you know , we don &apos;t necessarily know how it &apos;s going to look like it , we know exactly how to look at the genetic code .
so we &apos;re focusing on fuels the fourth generation .
they &apos;ve seen corn ethanol -- that &apos;s a bad experiment .
we have the power of the millennium development and third generation that will be relatively soon out of the way that they have more than a lot of different kinds of engineering .
but how we think the only way we think about biology is a huge impact without even greater social costs or the limitation of their availability being being able to be able to go out and see carbon components , and so we &apos;re working on cells that are going to be able to go out and see that path .
and we think that we &apos;re going to be the first with the federal sector institute , and that &apos;s about 18 months .
sunlight and co2 are a technique .
but in our discovery of the world , we have all kinds of different techniques .
this is an organism we &apos;ve described in 1996 .
he lives in the deep sea , about a mile , a long miles deep , in almost elementary school .
there &apos;s carbon in methane , under the use of hydrogen as a source of energy .
we &apos;re looking at whether we can use carbon dioxide , which could easily be put into the diagnostic , convert the co2 into the fuel to be able to power this process .
in a short time , we could believe in one of the fundamental questions of life .
you know , we have a really -- more accurately , like the order of all pirated industry industry , right . if you don &apos;t know that at ted , where you can &apos;t do it at ted , where you can do it , you know ?
but we &apos;re now working on the same way that vaccines are using vaccines .
you &apos;ve seen this year with flu , we &apos;re always a year at the back , and you have a dollar too little than it &apos;s going to be the right vaccine .
i think that can be changed by using existing vaccines in the field .
that &apos;s how the future may look like this , can be accelerating today &apos;s climate levels , today &apos;s climate levels , more than synthetic bacteria , and perhaps more complex .
we are light light years away from people &apos;s ability to improve . our goal is only that we have a chance to survive long enough to do that . thank you very much .
i gave a introduction to the lhc at the last ted conference .
and i promised to come back to explain how the machine works .
so it &apos;s so far , and for all those who were not there , the lhc are the biggest scientific experiment ever been addressed -- 27 miles in diameter .
it &apos;s a job to create the conditions that existed in the same than a second for the universe -- and that to 600 million times in a second .
it &apos;s just gorgeous ambitious .
this is the machine under geneva .
we take pictures of these nerve detectors .
this is what i &apos;m working on . he &apos;s called atlas detector -- 44 meters in diameter , 22 meters in diameter .
here &apos;s a spectacular picture of basically what atlas is so so looking at the scale .
the machine was going to last september last year , the machine was going to be the first time .
and this picture was taken by atlas .
it &apos;s made huge load of water in the control room .
it &apos;s a picture of the first time that the lhc did not run the lhc , then at a part of the lhc , to the lhc , to make a force of particles to make a rain on the detector .
in other words , when we saw this picture at the 10th of september , we knew that the machine worked , what was a great victory .
i don &apos;t know if this was the largest operator of generating , or this , when someone visiting google and the front page .
it means that we have an cultural impact on the scientific impact .
and about a week later , there was a problem with the machine that had to do this with these wires -- this golden wires here here .
these wires lead to represent wires , when the machine runs on .
now , the engineers under you will look at them and say , &quot; no , don &apos;t you . these are little wires . &quot;
they can afford to do that because if you cooling them very far , they will call them a universal thing .
so , in minus 1858 , cooler than the room between stars , those wires can be tension .
in one of the links , between the lhc , the lhc were a lot of a sudden .
so the wires of the wires heat and barely saw electrical resistance suddenly suddenly met electrical resistance .
this was the result .
now , this is another wonderful thing as you imagine , that the magnets has over 20 tons , and it &apos;s about about 30 inches .
so we damaged about 50 of the magnets .
and they had to take off what we did .
we called them new , they &apos;re doing it .
they &apos;re all back to their path .
at the end of march , the lhc will be viable again .
we &apos;ll turn it up , and they &apos;re expecting to collect the first data in june or july , and let &apos;s go to our journey to figure out what the building blocks of the universe are .
now , of course , in some kinds of fears , the debate is about the value of science and engineering of the boundaries , it &apos;s easy to reject this thing .
i think the fact that it &apos;s so hard to reach our limitations is the value of things like the lhc .
i &apos;m going to leave my final case of a english scientist , and the korean bank , who , as i suspect , was the most dangerous experiments of his own compass , as to assume that our scientific beliefs are good , that there was no mysteries in nature that &apos;s been able to be our basic capacity , and that there are no new worlds . &quot;
thank you .
i &apos;m a writer .
writing books is my profession , but it &apos;s more of course than that .
it &apos;s also my big , lifelong love and fascination .
and i don &apos;t expect that ever to change .
but the recent thing is , recent in my life , and my career has been made that really , really to rethink my work .
this curious event was that i wrote a book recently -- a biography called spontaneous feats , iridium love , love -- that , unlike all the previous books from any reason , and a big military , the only way to do the last books of any reason was to be a major international application .
the result is that i don &apos;t care where i come from , when i get to the doom .
seriously -- the dawn of extinction !
for instance , you get all the worried up to me and say , &quot; don &apos;t be afraid you &apos;ll ever be able to eliminate this success ?
don &apos;t you have a fear of that you can &apos;t have a book , and you &apos;ve never created a book to anyone in the world ? never again ?
okay , that &apos;s really what drives .
it would be worse than i would not remember that i was going to be a writer about 20 years ago when i first told you that i was going to be a writer with the same kind of reaction of the reaction .
people said , don &apos;t you have any fear , you &apos;ve never succeeded ?
do you have a fear that kills you of loving kills ?
do you feel afraid that you can live on this craft that &apos;s never going to happen , and you &apos;ve never got something to die on a little bit of fun , your mouth are filled with the bitter ashes for failure ?
so , you know , you know .
the answer -- the short answer to all these questions is : yes , yes .
yeah , i &apos;m scared of all these things .
and i &apos;ve always had that .
and i &apos;m a lot more afraid to fear that nobody would see .
how algae -- and other things are kind of different .
but if it &apos;s writing , i &apos;ve been thinking about it , and i think , why ?
is that sensible ?
is it logical that by someone &apos;s supposed to be afraid that he &apos;s afraid to do the work that he feels ?
and what &apos;s the thing that &apos;s happening with the creative enterprise , that they are insecure to make us insecure of mental illness -- in a way , how other kinds of jobs don &apos;t do ?
my father , for example , was chemist , and i can &apos;t remember a situation in his 40 years as a chemist who was asked to be asked , should he be afraid of being a chemist .
with your favorite , john -- how do you do it ?
it just didn &apos;t get you , you know ?
but to be fair -- the group of chemists have not come over for centuries of people &apos;s reputation of their own people .
we seem to have writers , but not only the writers , but the creative world , the creative edges , seem to have this reputation , mental unstable unstable .
all you have to do is look at bitter pleasure from really great minds from the 20th century , which died young and often died of their own .
and even those who actually didn &apos;t have a balanced committed to be really neglected about their talents .
norman lt : shortly before his death interview has been : ten of my books had killed me a little bit on it .
an extraordinary statement that you can do about your work .
but we don &apos;t even even make somebody say something like this , because we &apos;ve seen this kind of statements since that , we kind of have the perception of the principle and collectively accepted creativity , and the idea of creativity and suffering , creativity , the end of the day , always .
the question i want to ask everyone here today is this idea of all right ?
you feel that ? because with only one centimeter on it -- i feel like this idea at all .
i think they &apos;re interesting .
and i find them dangerous , and i don &apos;t want to watch how it gets done in the next century .
i think it &apos;s better if we encourage our great creative pleasures .
and i definitely know that it was -- in my situation -- very dangerous , starting to start , in my situation -- in a very dangerous path of the guess -- especially in the fact that i &apos;m in my career .
that means -- look , i &apos;m pretty young . i &apos;m just 40 years old .
i may have another 40 years of training in me .
and it &apos;s probably probably that all i &apos;m going to write from now is the world &apos;s work as the work that &apos;s been considered to be successful in my last book , right ?
i say it &apos;s a lot of time , because we &apos;re all in this way , all of the friends -- it &apos;s probably probably that my biggest success is behind me .
oh , jesus , what a thought !
that &apos;s the kind of thought that could bring someone to someone in the morning to drink 1,000 , and i don &apos;t want to .
i would rather keep doing this work that i love .
so the question is : how ?
and after some time of the day , i think i can continue to write a way to make a kind of spontaneous psychological construct .
i kind of have to find a way to write a certain distance in the real distance between me and my very natural design , which is what the reaction to the charity will be .
and while i &apos;ve been looking for models for this last year , i &apos;ve been looking for a lot of time to do that , and i &apos;ve tried to find other societies to see if they could help , to see whether they could help be more powerful or more frequently than we can help , how to deal with the emotional risks that are associated with creativity .
this is the quest for me to greece greece , and the old rome .
please follow me , because the circle will end again .
but in the old greece , in rome that didn &apos;t believe that creativity is coming from people , okay ?
they believed that creativity was a kind of relaxation partner that comes from a distant , unknown source of people -- from afar , unknown reasons .
the greeks called the divine century force of creativity of demons .
from socrates known , he believed he had a career that he was going out on a distance .
the roman idea had the same idea , which was a kind of creative creative spirit of a genius genius .
that &apos;s great . the roman thought didn &apos;t really know that a little clever person was a very bright individual .
they believed that a genius was divine , which was believed in that , literally , in a lifetime , it was literally living in the walls of a plastic tube -- about like ours , the engineering , the engineering , the artist , in a way , and the artist &apos;s work .
that &apos;s brilliant -- there &apos;s this , there &apos;s the distance that i spoke about -- the psychological construct that protect you from the consequences of your work .
and everybody knew that it worked , right ?
the artist of the world was protected by certain things , like , for instance , too long enough , right ?
if your work was brilliant , you couldn &apos;t look at everything , and everybody knew that you had this intense genius , which has helped you .
if your work is worth controlling -- not entirely your mistakes , right ?
everybody knew , your genius was something .
that &apos;s how people have really thought about creativity in the west .
and then the renaissance and everything changed , we had this big idea , and this big idea was : let &apos;s put the human individual into the center of the universe -- all of the gods and mysteries , and there &apos;s no room for mystical creatures that accept orders from divinity .
it &apos;s the beginning of rational ecstasy and people started thinking that creativity was completely from its individual individual .
for the first time , in history , people will hear this or a genius , the old , a genius -- instead of that , he &apos;s a genius .
i have to tell you , i think that was a big mistake .
you know ? i think to give a naked person that he thinks he &apos;s thinking , or you &apos;re like the vessel , the root and the essence , creative mystery is a little bit too much responsibility to make them a permanent human psyche .
it &apos;s like asking someone to swallow the sun .
the deformed and distorted whole lose ego , and it creates all these biases , expectations .
i think that this is the most popular thing that we &apos;ve been out of the last 500 years .
and if that &apos;s true , and i think it &apos;s true -- is the question .
can we change it ?
maybe to be a ancient understanding of the relationship between people and the mystery of the creative back .
maybe not .
maybe we can &apos;t make a transfer of participatory ecstasy for 500 years , not just to eradicate a 18-minute talk .
and there are certainly people in this audience who are really passionate about the idea of -- basically -- civil war , the people who are doing glamour and practices on their projects .
i &apos;m probably not going to take all of you to make this journey .
but the question i want to say is , why not ?
why not think about it ?
because it makes the same sense as anything that i &apos;ve heard , when it was about to explain the absolute crazy order of the creative process of the creative process .
a process that has ever been -- as anyone knows who &apos;s ever trying to do something -- so in other words , everyone here -- not always useful .
in fact , he can feel some kind of really tactile sometimes .
i had recently been able to meet this , when i met the extraordinary american poet of kings stone , which was 90 , but she told me that she was going to be a little bit of a poet in virginia , and she said she would feel it and hear how a poem is about the landscape of the landscape .
she said it would be like a blank train out of air .
the land on her land would be flying .
she felt if it was coming , because it would get the earth under its feet to the quake .
she knew that they could only do one of the things that was one of them , and that was -- in their words -- running running like the devil &apos;s running .
she ran like the devil to be tracked by this poem as she was going to be tracked by this poem , which was just about to get them through a piece of paper and a pen , so they had to get it through them and throwing it on the sheet .
in other paint , they didn &apos;t get fast enough . they ran and ran and ran , but she would not leave the house and she rolled the poem through her , she would roll it over the country , and she didn &apos;t give it a look at the same poet .
and then there were those moments -- i &apos;m never going to forget -- she said that there were moments where they almost missed it .
so she runs the house and you go to the paper , and it &apos;s catching a pen , and it reaches a pen , and it &apos;s got a pen , and then she &apos;s got a pen , and then they get able to grab it .
she caught the poem on his tail , and she pulled it back into her body , and took it on the sheet of paper .
and at the opportunity , the poem was fully fully on paper , but backwards -- from the last word to the first .
when i heard that i was really surprised -- that &apos;s exactly how my creative process is going to be happening .
it &apos;s not even like my creative process -- i &apos;m not the channel .
i &apos;m a training system . we have to go up every day and stand up at the same time and sweat , and really awkward .
but even i &apos;ve only had this thing in my mind .
and i guess many of you have done that .
even i had work , or the ideas that i have , which i really cannot identify .
what is this thing ?
and how do we get to lose with our minds without losing our minds , but we even in the opposite of mental health , even in the opposite of mental health ?
for me , the best living example is how to create this , the players , the players , and i was allowed to interview him a few years ago for a magazine .
we talked about this topic , and you know what ? most of his life was tom &apos;s embodiment , the embodiment of the most famous artist who lived in him and then with them .
but then he was older and quiet and quiet . he told me that he was going to los angeles a freeway in los angeles , and then it changed everything for him .
he was driving at high speed when he was a small fragment of a tune that &apos;s a lot of a set of a melody , and he &apos;s going to have it . she &apos;s got a little bit of it . he &apos;s got a ph.d. , but he can &apos;t grab it .
he didn &apos;t have a piece of paper , he didn &apos;t have a pen , he has no pants .
so he starts to get these old teams in it , like , for example , i &apos;m going to lose this thing , and i &apos;ll be haunted by the song forever .
i &apos;m not good enough ; i don &apos;t make it .
but instead of getting panic , he just stopped .
he finished the whole set of u.n. plans and did something completely new .
he looked at the sky and said , &quot; oh sorry , can &apos;t see me , i &apos;m going to go to the car ?
i &apos;m looking at the idea of how could i write a song ?
if you really want to exist , come back to a moment , if i can take care of you .
if you don &apos;t , somebody else &apos;s day is somebody else .
and then , leonard leonard cohen .
his whole process has changed after that .
not the work itself . they still kept as dark as they ever had .
but the process and the heavy buttons that surrounds it was no longer when he was a little bit of the old , he would leave him in the trouble where he had nothing to be done in trouble , and he would leave him out there . he realized that it had no philosophy , incremental thing to do .
it could give you a strange , surprising , bizarre collaboration , a kind of conversation between tom and misunderstood , hyperbolic thing that was not quite tom .
when i heard that story , it changed a little bit like i worked , and it has saved me once .
this idea saved me as i was in the middle of the middle of the federal park , nobel minister of love , i fell into one of these headquarters that &apos;s the most primitive book that we all fall in , when we work on something , it &apos;s going to be the worst book that &apos;s ever written .
not just bad , but the worst of all time .
i started thinking , i should just do this project .
but then i remembered how tom had spoken in the free sky , and i was trying to do it .
so i took my view of manuscript and spoke my comment in the direction of the room .
i spoke loud : it &apos;s your mind , you know , you , and i both know if this book is brilliant , that it doesn &apos;t really mean my fault , right ?
because you see , i &apos;m investing all of what i have , invest , i don &apos;t have more than that .
so if you want to have better , you have to pop up the percentage of the deal .
okay . but if you don &apos;t do that , you know what you do .
i &apos;m going to write on , but that &apos;s my job .
and i want to be able to demonstrate the protocols that i was here today for my job .
because ... at the end , it &apos;s been like march , centuries ago , in the deserts held people with holy dances and music assembled for hours to cover -- until dawn .
these are all great , because the dancers were professional , and they were fantastic .
but again , very rare , happened to be a little bit special . one of the characters was actually covered .
and i know you know what i mean , because i know you all have seen a performance in your life , even one of the performance .
it was as if the time was born and the dancers through a kind of attempt . he did not even have anything else to do -- 1,000 nights before he had ever done it .
and suddenly , he didn &apos;t appear even longer in human engineering .
it was lighting up , and it &apos;s lighting up , and it &apos;s all shrinking , through an divine fire .
so , when something happened , people knew what that was . they called it in his name .
they put the hands together and they started singing , allah , allah , allah , allah , god , god , god , god , god , god .
that &apos;s god , you know ?
interesting historic footnote : when the former u.s. psychology brought to action , they took this practice , and they turned forward in the course of allah , allah , allah , allah , of the century of allah , of allah , of allah , who still have to be able to do with the saltwater and hear it .
if a performer in spain would be something impossible , what &apos;s done is the academic allah : allah , allah , are great , 93 times easier , there &apos;s a peek , allah , the allah , great , 93 times .
and that &apos;s great , because we need this .
but the tricky part is the next morning , when the dancers waking up even waking up , and he recognizes that it &apos;s 11 o &apos;clock in a tuesday -- and he &apos;s not going to have a dirty book of god in himself .
it &apos;s just an aging cure with a knee of your knees , and maybe he will never be able to rise back to those altitudes .
and maybe never again , would anybody name god &apos;s name , if he &apos;s going , but what would he do with the rest of his life ?
that &apos;s hard .
this is one of the most primitive modes of a creative life .
but maybe it doesn &apos;t have to be so much as sufficient if they didn &apos;t believe in the very most extraordinary aspects of their existence .
if you just believe that you &apos;re a loan -- from a spectacular source for a second of your life , which is on somebody else &apos;s time , when you &apos;re done with it .
if we start thinking about it , it changes everything .
so i started thinking , and i think of security in the past months while i worked on the book that &apos;s soon becoming -- as the dangerous , frightening , profoundly , globalized to my success success .
what i &apos;ve got to say constantly , if i &apos;m going to be crazy about it , is not a fear .
it &apos;s not photoshopped .
just make your job .
so , keep your contribution for what it is , whatever it is .
if your job is dancing , dance .
if the dumb angel of the genius , you &apos;ve asked to show you the idea of a moment of wonder through your effort , then you &apos;ll be able to show a sense of wonder .
and if you don &apos;t , dance however , dance however .
and they &apos;re relaxing with all of this .
i believe that , and i feel like we should teach it .
twenty-four gras !
thank you .
thank you .
audience !
last year , i showed these two slides to illustrate the fact that the arctic sea was going to be the same , which has been declining for nearly three million years , to be blown up .
but this doesn &apos;t mean enough enough the seriousness of this particular problem , because it doesn &apos;t show the thickness of ice .
in some sense the arctic is the beating heart of our global health .
it grows in winter and swallowed in summer .
the next slide i &apos;m showing you is a major story that has happened in the last 25 years .
the middle line is labeled with red .
you can see it grows out the dark dark , and this is the annual ice station in the winter , and it &apos;s swallowed in the summer .
the so-called arts , five years old , almost as blood , is almost as blood , which is from the body here .
it &apos;s been gone in 25 years .
this is a problem because the air is the frozen reason around the arctic ocean where there &apos;s large amounts of carbon dioxide in carbon dioxide , which is when it &apos;s implemented , from microbes to methane .
compared to the entire amount of chemicals in the atmosphere , it could double that amount , if we cross that critical point .
now , in some flat cases , in a few flat lakes , in alaska , in alaska .
professor ornish walter university university in alaska is to have a different flat area to go around the last flat flat lake .
wow !
you &apos;re good . the question is , how do you make a difference .
and one reason is that enormous heat heats up from north .
this is a year of a year .
but the volume is far greater than ever before .
this is the european river river in southwest greenland .
if you want to know how level of oil is coming up in the ocean , it flows in the ocean .
these rivers are taking up quickly .
at the other end of the planet , the antarctica , the largest oil spill on the planet .
last month , researchers signed up that entire continent now has a negative spike in its own .
and the standard of the ones that showed up about a few levels of the street is especially in the melt melt of the melt sun .
this is 20 feet of sea distribution , like greenland .
in the himalayas , the twin islands , you see , are actually going to see new lakes that were glacier a few years ago .
40 percent of all people in the world get half their primary fuel from this family &apos;s population .
in the andes , this glacier the main place that &apos;s the place for this city .
the population rate has expanded .
but if you &apos;re going to climb up , most of the water drinking the most water .
california &apos;s been a 40 percent reduction in the sierra sciences .
this is the main market .
and the predictions you &apos;ve read is serious .
these countries in the world are going to fire in a dramatically different fire .
and the disasters around the world have never been up to an unprecedented degree and ever to be able to be an unprecedented degree .
four times the last 30 years of how in the last 30 years , 75 times in the age of 75 .
this is a completely valid book .
if you look at this in the historical context , you can see what it &apos;s like .
in the last five years , we have 70 million tons of co2 in co2 , all 24 hours -- 25 million tons of every day in the oceans .
look at the area of the eastern pacific , right , from the american continent , west both and sides of the indian climate change , where there &apos;s a really a decline of oxygen in the ocean .
the biggest single factor for global warming , besides deforestation , which is 20 percent , is burning from fossil fuels .
oil is a problem , and coal is the biggest biggest problem .
the united states is one of the two largest economies , combined with china .
and the suggestion was to build a lot more .
but we &apos;re starting to see a change .
here are the ones that were taken out over the last several years , with some green alternative that were proposed .
so , there &apos;s a political argument in our country .
and the coal companies and the internet have spent a long-term dollar on the last family &apos;s hospital to promote clean coal , which is a contradiction in itself .
and this picture reminded me of something .
for christmas , i &apos;ve been walking around in tennessee , in tennessee , to a billion tons of school .
you &apos;ve seen it in the news .
this is our entire country of the americas &apos;s population of the americas .
this was what happened for christmas .
and one of the commercials on the table was this one .
so the guy &apos;s chief is a ph.d. , happy kid .
it &apos;s in shell and abundance in america , and it helps to grow our economy .
google , the smoking industry , will clean every day .
it &apos;s affordable and safer , and workers stay in wages and bread .
this is the source of most coal in west virginia .
the most powerful thing is the director of coal coal .
let me tell you a very clear : al gore , nancy &apos;am , harry said , harry lt , / em &apos;t know what they &apos;re talking about .
so the alliance for climate change is two campaigns in the world code .
this is one , one of them .
we see climate change as a serious threat to our business .
so we set up to the final point of a major network , a major entrepreneurial network , to get a more efficient way to go on the way that the truth is about coal .
the fact is that coal is not dirty .
we believe it &apos;s clean -- and it smells even good even too well .
so , don &apos;t worry about the climate change .
leave that quiet .
coal charcoal , you &apos;ve heard a lot of it .
so let &apos;s take a tour of this modern , clean water .
fantastic ! this machine is pretty loud .
but it &apos;s the sound of the clean horse .
and yet , of course , the coal one of the main reasons is the global warming , the most surprising clean causes you see here , changes it .
look at it right now , this is the basic , clean cell .
finally , the positive alternative with our economic challenge and our challenge of national security .
america is in a crisis , the economy , the national security , the climate crisis .
the red thread that all connects to these all , is our dependence of chronic fuels like dirty coal and oil oil .
but now , there &apos;s a brave , new solution to free , to make us feel like this kind of explosion .
america &apos;s 100 percent clean electricity in the next 10 years , in the next 10 years , in the next 10 years .
a plan to bring america back to work , make us safer and help to stop the global warming .
finally , a solution that is big enough to solve our problems .
america &apos;s new york city . find more out .
this is the last one .
it &apos;s about a u.s. farm of america .
one of the fastest ways we can eliminate our dependence of the old , dirty vehicles that pollinate our world .
the future is here . wind , sun and a new energy system .
new investment to create jobs for being good ?
america &apos;s new language . it &apos;s time to accept reality .
there &apos;s an old african saying , &quot; if you want to be quick , let &apos;s go alone .
if you want to come far from it , go together . &quot;
we have to come up with it , and it quickly goes quickly .
thank you .
i want to start to ask you to be a little bit of your childhood , when you were playing with the bamboo butterfly .
as they realized how to get out of their hands and they &apos;re able to record the data , they &apos;ve actually learned , to try and understand problems and problems through understanding and changing activities .
the spatial belief is very closely connected to how we understand most of our environment .
as a computer scientist -- inspired by the way our interaction with real objects -- with my colleagues colleagues , i started to wonder , what if we could use computers that are instead of a building on a flat surface , i started wonder , what if we could interact with both hands and use data , and so you could try and restore the way we want it ?
so this question was so moving that we decided to explore the answer and the engineering process .
in short , a computer &apos;s worth of computer is a complete computer in the size of a football field .
you can move with your hand , you can detect each other , you can detect your movements , and you have a screen and a pile of wood .
and more important , are physically , why you can just get them out of your hands just through your hands and access .
and the design rate is an example of a new generation of design using the manipulation of digital data .
and if these are the tools that are going to be physical and a conscious awareness of their movement , each other , and the intricacies of our movements to detect , then we can start to think about new and entertaining work .
i &apos;ll start with some simple examples .
this is the main thing that &apos;s going to be the most efficient thing for the most unclear , and if i put it in a direction , the video will roll forward , it &apos;s going to go backwards .
and these interactive portraits take each other true .
so if i put them side-by-side , you &apos;ll get interest .
if you &apos;re surrounded by the brain , you &apos;ll notice that and you can get a little bit nervous .
and they feel also their movement and slope .
an interesting implication of the interactions that we started to realize was that we could apply everyday gestures on data , like color in terms of the fluid .
in this case , we have three main channels as a interstate street industry , and i can use them to pour color in the middle of the middle , where they &apos;re going to mix .
if we overdo it , we can &apos;t make a little bit of a difference .
there &apos;s also some nice opportunities in education like languages , mathematics , or healthcare , where we give people the opportunity of the fast and to see the results immediately .
here i am -- this is a series that i &apos;m creating with a simple type of engineering .
this is a game with words that are kind of a mixture of a mixture of a book and a lot of it .
in fact , you get every round of the tape on every single letter of the letters and as you try to make words , you &apos;ll be tested for the dictionary .
then , after 30 seconds , it &apos;s going to go through , and you have a new set of new possibilities and new possibilities .
thank you .
this is a few children who came up with a media trip to the media lab , and i could make them try and get it a video of it .
they really did it .
an interesting fact about this kind of application is that you don &apos;t have to give people a lot of instructions .
all you have to say is &quot; create words &quot; and you know what to do .
here &apos;s another couple of people who test it .
that &apos;s our youngest youngest approaches to the right .
it turns out he was just going to stack up the search for the music .
so for him , they were just flying away .
this is an interactive process .
we wanted to develop a computer plan for design services .
that &apos;s prickly pear .
he can put new characters in the scene by putting the rubber chief from the table to the table , which shows this shape .
here it is , the sun is going .
the sun is going to go on .
now he gets a tractor in the scene .
the orange bear .
good work ! yeah !
by leaving the shake and the other side , he can put the characters in the screen .
... his own story is invent .
hi !
it &apos;s a story with open end , and it can decide how to evolve .
flying cat .
the last example i &apos;ve been doing today is to show it , is a long-term version of the design technology that we &apos;ve developed recently and in the same term as sound as a trivial , bass and uncles .
each one has four different variations ; you can choose which you want to use .
and you can put these sounds in the sequence of the sequence that can restore any way to overcome patterns .
and you &apos;re going to be able to put them in a sense of a master &apos;s system .
there are effects that you can change live , like hall and filter .
you connect it with a certain sound , and then it tends to be a set .
and then more immersive effects like the speed and volume that you &apos;re going to apply to the whole sequence .
so let &apos;s take a look .
we start to put in the middle of two months of diving in two months , and this one set up in a series , and we add a little more of the voice .
now i &apos;m putting a bass down .
now , i &apos;ll do some drums of it .
and i &apos;ll give you the filters with the drums , so i can control the effect live .
i can accelerate the whole sequence by which i &apos;m going to leave the rate in one or another direction .
and now i &apos;ll give the filters even with the bass , for something more expression .
i can run the sequence as you go through .
so i don &apos;t have to plan them on a trip , but can improvise ; they can still extend them , and it seems more intuitive .
and finally , i can afford to grab the whole sequence by putting the bottom up .
thank you .
so , as you can see , my excitement is to develop new design systems that can make better sense of how our brains and bodies work .
and i had time to give you a part of this new computer and some of the possibilities of what we &apos;re working on in our lab .
the idea i want to give you on the way that we want to give you on the way that we &apos;re in the new generation of interaction with digital media is associated with digital media that are going to bring information into our world that we &apos;re talking about .
thank you .
i &apos;m happy to talk to you all !
yeah , good day .
and i &apos;m very excited that i &apos;m there .
yeah , so what should be the case ?
i just have to step back a little step , and it &apos;s a lot of time in the modern biology .
i study molecular biology , and i &apos;ve been looking at a very few years with the debate that i &apos;ve been starting to know , because i wanted to know , because i wanted to know , and it was also really what i learned in studying in theory .
that was my primary motivation .
so it was a curiosity , and i wanted to get closer to the matter , so .
i think the biology in general now is talking to general , so biotechnology , everything you count , synthetic biology and so on .
extremely important is now , it &apos;s extremely important , and much more important , much more important .
there are so controversial things like these all genetically engineered plants that have been able to do the same way .
there &apos;s craig venter now in the clinic who try to make the same thing , which is gasoline from algae .
there &apos;s also things that are totally going to be the other day , which is what most people don &apos;t realize , but for example , they &apos;re not aware of the way that we have hip replacement , also also genetically enzymes entities .
and the list can continue on the top .
and so from the interest in this technology , i &apos;m just on a way to keep growing up .
so what do you hack ?
most people know that they know this from the ted community .
well , the computer sector , and then it &apos;s always going to be like the media , yes , the hackers , in some cases , and so on .
it &apos;s kind of a very sad idea of the sex issues , because it doesn &apos;t actually come to the point what it &apos;s actually going to be like , and what &apos;s actually going on behind it .
and that &apos;s the u.s. economy , in the &apos; 70s , started with records and also from it , and it was also the internet coming out .
and it &apos;s about being able to solve a playful , creative , original way of doing a problem .
and problem , that &apos;s not just a technical problem , it can be a social problem , it can be a sense of what things can be like , so it can be a sense of what things are like , so any kind of a question of a question , and how do you make it better .
and it was just a little bit done with software , but there &apos;s also a whole thing in the field that &apos;s also in the case , there &apos;s a whole bunch of internet problems that make up all kinds of possible things .
and now , even in order to be in biology , i want to have this metaphor that is far from synthetic biology , that &apos;s actually a major code , which is because it &apos;s a more abstract code , because it &apos;s dynamic , because it &apos;s a matter of the matter , not just a matter of the computers , not just a cure .
but it &apos;s also a code , and you can also code to code and be able to do it , so that i think i &apos;m incredibly fascinating , and i just wanted to get a lot deeper .
it actually has been just two eight of the form that would actually be taken up these networks .
there &apos;s been dotcom bay ; it &apos;s originally from switzerland , and it &apos;s with a cooperation network in india , but we &apos;ve been members of the world , but we &apos;ve been members of people around the world .
that &apos;s a more artistic topic , so there &apos;s a lot of artists and philosophers and collaboration with scientists that are struggling with these technologies to make the questions and ask the creative , and then process , and so all kinds of things , there &apos;s plenty of things , and yes , all kinds of things .
but it &apos;s always about finding such a way to find a kind of a viable way of being able to do this .
and then there &apos;s been dotcom down there , ok .
this is from the cutting system , which is actually more like a kind of forum where you &apos;re still looking at where you &apos;re going to be able to do it online .
they &apos;re a little bit more technical and also a little bit of a sudden on the way , and then the applied questions are actually asked .
and from these networks that have been made the entire popular , we &apos;ve got a place that i would like to take a second and a half more than a moment .
in the picture , you see the face on the left , you see , this is a sea of a private school , non-profit school , which is a private school , nonprofit club , where everybody can get to .
kids , old , all kinds of people , are going to go down to the way they just put their back , they have a lab and look at what they can do , when they &apos;re going to do these kinds of things .
here &apos;s a group in indonesia on the left , which is called the fact that there &apos;s a pretty long time .
it &apos;s been longer than those other two networks .
and that also is in such an artistic aspect of biological materials , yes , it also goes , and combine it in quite a way of combining it .
a group of galileo who i met a while ago , which have a long time to try and communicate what they learn in university and they &apos;ve made so many things to be able to do what they learn in college and they &apos;ve made people to explain what &apos;s going on .
and i put a lecture on the other image in copenhagen in the medical museum in combination with an exhibition on the subject .
and that &apos;s , yes , is it mostly a young people , but the only thing that really did have a thing to do is this fascination with technology .
and what you can do with it and just focus on the society and to ask , &quot; okay , what do you know what you want to do , have your interest to do that ?
so , okay , so now , in order to hack biology , you have some kind of material .
you need biological materials , and you also need tools , and this is then a laboratory .
and what you &apos;re normally able to do is understand that you &apos;re kind of a reliable machines , extremely expensive , extremely expensive , highly distant , highly educated , educated , long-term , and so on .
and our approach was just to say , okay , that &apos;s what you don &apos;t have to do .
it &apos;s not necessary because every single one of them has actually developed a higher technology , and most of the time , that &apos;s really like this .
and it &apos;s also the premise that , for example , in the premise of brian cox in england , they put a forest in the middle , then a pile of a sudden , a pile of wheat , yes , so it &apos;s so much organic , and it has grown bacteria .
so everyone who has soup has been a soup that has been left too long , too .
i &apos;ve tried this in my lab home to a little bit , and then i &apos;ve got to put on a bit of a term on ebay and a little bit of analysis analysis to be a paternity test , so that &apos;s a little bit of home , so it &apos;s still home .
now , this is not something that &apos;s going to be a joke .
so here &apos;s the lab in the picture , in the field , it &apos;s a virtual lab with a whole garage with it also , so a group of garage with it , which has been in the university of what has been published and quite successful things , and also really interesting things , and i &apos;m also trying to do a project .
and this is a riot that we just mentioned earlier , this is a kind of a graphic model basically for molecular biology .
and yeah , so you can see , it &apos;s relatively relatively isolated , so that &apos;s the way people do that at home , so far , more organizations are going to run the same way in the form of the form .
but always , the way that it &apos;s just going to be able to do it and be accessible .
the first project we &apos;ve done as an international group , as we &apos;ve been aware of ourselves , we &apos;re going to be aware of the same scene , okay , we &apos;re now here as a real scene , and we &apos;re online , and we &apos;re all right , so the people who are all texting and so forth .
and then , the founders of the founders of the founders , and they &apos;re okay , we &apos;ve got to actually make it real , too , and then they &apos;ve been organized two events , one in london , two events organized , one in london , and then in the middle of the day , in san francisco .
and so , there &apos;s the reason why , well , who are we , what do we want to say , what do we want to say ?
and what are our values and what are our purposes of purpose , our basis ?
and then we &apos;ve looked at a dinosaur account .
so this was quite intuitive , so everybody has just so his wishes , his and what it was moving , saying , &quot; then it &apos;s going to be like , then .
there was , i think , a very good code .
and we &apos;re not embarrassed by that , but that &apos;s obvious , i think , it &apos;s pretty good at that , which people are quite comfortable with .
and we even tried to bring that to the academic world , even in the academic world , but there &apos;s somehow no way that it &apos;s not yet .
so , i think we &apos;re in the middle of the world , even one step more than the academic world .
so , what do we actually do ?
so , a project that i made with the university of switzerland in switzerland , we had a so-called idea of something called optical package or optical sweater .
that &apos;s when you &apos;re focused a laser , in one room , you can get little particles in the air , and you can move into the liquid , so that &apos;s what you &apos;ve captured in , so that &apos;s like a kind of a kite like this , basically , as a principle of principle .
this is really what &apos;s going to work in the academic sector , and we thought , okay , we &apos;d have this , okay , then we &apos;ve got a webcam , the opaque , the lens , upside down , you have a microscope , which is blown up .
you can see that there &apos;s .
and then we have a resilient torch on the surface , and then we put the torch on the lasers , and then you &apos;re trying to focus on this camera .
and unfortunately , unfortunately , they didn &apos;t work , but we &apos;ve learned a lot of it .
so , another project that came from the french group there , it worked out in paris , that &apos;s pretty cool .
and so , he &apos;s a kind of like this , so it &apos;s kind of like a car like this , so it &apos;s a little bit like this , so it &apos;s a little bit of a handle on it , sam sam &apos;s length .
he then built this helmet there , and he &apos;s going to build this helmet with the museum in cooperation with the museum .
and then the visitors in the room could go in , in the room , put in the front of this helmet .
then their brainwaves were measured , and depending on what they thought , or how they thought they &apos;ve thought , or how they thought they were , then they &apos;ve been interested in the lights in the room .
it was a pretty nice project .
another thing from the united states , which is also with this kind of elephant who have been there with this particular amount of stuff that &apos;s frustrating , that &apos;s frustrating .
so it &apos;s about copying genes to replicate , more restorative than fragments , so you can make it visible .
so if i do that , the most recent part of the scene on the scene , then , you can get a lot of traffic , and then you can say , okay , this hair is belongs to this human being , like this .
and the machines that do this , they &apos;re quite expensive to buy the commercial line , the cheapest , the cheapest , goes to death .
and that &apos;s not the most appropriate thing , but it &apos;s a really cool technology that can be very much too much .
so that &apos;s just one application of many that you can do with it .
and they &apos;ve got two builders that would be displayed and said , okay , we &apos;re doing it easier and cheaper , and then we &apos;re just getting this device out of the cheapest voting , which is the cheapest available , and then it &apos;s the cheapest voting for these devices around the world .
i think it &apos;s kind of six hundred dollars or something that i think is like this six hundred dollars or something .
but anyway , it &apos;s still not cheap , but it &apos;s certainly not cheap in a frame where it &apos;s very available .
so , i think it &apos;s a very unfair hack .
a project that i started to do recently was build a major street .
it &apos;s like a kind of dirt plot , which is like this , which is like this , two centimeters or one .
you invites yourself to the bike and then the upload , and then i put them on board , and then i put it on top of the same .
so the device you see here is that it doesn &apos;t work .
but that &apos;s my prototype , which is pretty little looked at this prototype , which is sort of a branch on it , and it was on the pressure , and it was the pressure that was broken , and that was the pressure that has broken .
and then i took a pop pile and i took it up .
a training system , if you get the full power of water , the enough pressure , i think , is going to be like 40 to a thousand bar .
and then you can accelerate the particles too , and then you go into the onion .
and the commercial device costs about $ 15,000 upwards or something , until the 50 .
so it doesn &apos;t have the same efficiency , but it &apos;s basically feasible .
so , it &apos;s also the core rate of the scene that &apos;s actually the core rate of the scene , and also the information and the ability to increase the information and the ability to increase the ability that more people can engage in .
because , as soon as i said , it &apos;s an extremely important technology , and most people have quite a little idea of it , and also there &apos;s no opportunity to make it really good .
because if you read just about it , it &apos;s not the same thing as if you &apos;re going to be done it again or saw it .
and i think technology will always become more important in our modern societies .
and if you want to be a informed citizen also a good decision to make a good decision in society and to join with join the access and technology .
and you have to do it and understand it , and to understand it .
and then the default process of the open source and citizen science .
so that &apos;s how people are being able to put the capacity in the situation , they &apos;re going through the scientific technologies .
and that &apos;s the core core issue of the puzzle .
these are the people who officially have dropped sight on the website , hardy website .
that &apos;s a relatively substantial number of people around the world .
and interesting , it &apos;s also also that they &apos;re represented in southeast asia .
that &apos;s what i believe is , there are fewer people &apos;s face , when in fact .
so i know some who has not been 95 .
and these are just the biohacker , the individual people .
in part , it &apos;s been covered with these kinds of dives that are combined together .
and that &apos;s actually in the beginning .
as i said , it &apos;s only beginning .
and so , the main thing that the main race , because the chinese in berlin was the first one , south .
and that &apos;s now a gigantic network of being very good , yes , definitely available over the world .
and we hope that we &apos;re also similar to us , and then we &apos;re also similar to it , and then similarly , we &apos;re very good at getting people involved .
and i would invite everyone to come and join it and try and try and try and try and try and try it .
it &apos;s not so simple now , but it &apos;s not impossible if you have enough curiosity , and there &apos;s enough energy there , then you &apos;ll get there .
thank you for listening .
that &apos;s it .
yeah , hello .
how do we actually work ?
that &apos;s a question that i &apos;m very moving as a designer , but also in the realm of the world in the world , in the world &apos;s most different state of the world &apos;s security .
there &apos;s about how you &apos;ve met people in interactive media so that they can use these interactive media and use them to create an equal experience of experience .
i believe that the interactive media in us have been able to focus out cognitive models in our own ways , cognitive models agenda , so that paradigm memory has been programmed in our biological memory , very long time , and that we can just create through interactive media .
and this is very amazing , because you actually believe that these are the main ones that you &apos;ve come to find that you &apos;re going to make a difference in the future , but it &apos;s actually that the future is right now to us , in our evolutionary roots .
so what are actually more sophisticated models now ?
i &apos;d written four o &apos;clock , and i want to write the way to explain .
to find cognitive models , and that &apos;s the models we &apos;ve been to the arguments that we &apos;ve been so precise at .
to these kinds of models of models that we have is that we have a natural proportion of virtuality .
and that sounds really unusual .
but i &apos;m going to go back to the same time and try to show you , by trying to prove it , it &apos;s a natural relationship with virtuality .
the second thing is that we &apos;ve been able to talk about this kind of long-term models of models that we &apos;ve been able to talk about , and we &apos;re using a universal language of language today .
and the third area , which explains itself , actually .
we all know that the interactive media is an definition of what has evident , and what &apos;s of course tells us that we are treating the linearity today as normal .
the fourth thing is that the story of the story is a place of the state of affairs .
now , what is this thing with respect that actually is the most natural thing in the world .
i want to show you this .
how many doors have the house in that room ?
we won &apos;t immediately answer them , but it will happen to this , and it &apos;s going to happen right now .
they go through the spirit of this house , in a lot of places , and look at how many doors are there .
and that &apos;s exactly what you do .
they &apos;re making the reality , and it &apos;s not a computer .
fantastic , right ?
and we &apos;re trying to do the virtual reality for example , for example , to our computer &apos;s reality , which is , we &apos;re actually able to do this all the time .
and that &apos;s the ability to provide the virtual reality , which has to be able to do the people in the 37 times , which had to be able to do it , because they had nothing .
they didn &apos;t have any books .
or they didn &apos;t have any guns .
they had mass media .
the only thing that had been , was your head .
and in this head , the memory was going to be remembered .
in this head , earlier , the previous images , the imagination , the imagination , was also passed on , known as well .
and so it &apos;s also so strong in our sense that we can deal with virtuality as well .
the interesting thing is , if i can make a little trip .
yeah , that &apos;s what you &apos;re doing .
the interesting thing is that at this time , the human time is the same thing as a human being .
now , if you keep a bit further .
what are the media today ?
then you &apos;ll notice that there &apos;s been a change .
but i &apos;ll talk to you about the same way .
and the most fundamental tool of congress has been stories for always have been stories .
so , a preacher , a name , a call , was extra enough to maintain knowledge in stories .
and we &apos;re still very , very strong in stories .
the author of the main section of the main section , jonathan dweller , we still have a year of uninterrupted hours , with the total of stories .
that means for a kid that &apos;s going to be able to reach the most that &apos;s the most part of his life with the most recent of life .
now , we think our love to stories depend on us as a child on our parents .
no , no , far , was missing .
it &apos;s going to go far further , in the cultures , the fantastic times .
but for me , in an interactive media , when it &apos;s particularly amazing , we have to include talking to our biological memory , the ability to think of the ability to think of it .
i brought you an example of the american tribe of the south american tribe .
and the lives lived in the british british columbia .
and as you can see , it &apos;s a very detailed area , and you had to go to an island to fly island to island to the food .
and they did this with what &apos;s called a maker .
you may know that if you &apos;re a little bit interested in the australian american population .
they have similar principles .
they don &apos;t have any basic gas , but they have the same amount of energy using it , and they &apos;re also using it as well as a result .
and what &apos;s interesting about this is that the navigation and the topography of regions could be mapped over songs .
when the language was 1912 to delay .
that means you &apos;re talking about sound and more of the rhythm .
and these sounds and the rhythm , the topography of a region , and that has also enabled you to be able to be able to be these songs and then sit in the left , and then you could go back to the left and go back to the right and also move back to the stage .
why don &apos;t we sing it up to a to b ?
anyway , not to navigate .
what &apos;s actually happening ?
it &apos;s happened to be so cool .
we &apos;ve been doing this in the so-called business industry .
the machine is going to happen , and it &apos;s happened , and it &apos;s happened to be the main population .
and that &apos;s what happens is that we have the responsibility for our memories and the own production of our individual memories , on external media .
and on the book , and on the image .
we unfortunately have the idea of the way to make away a piece of kindness .
so virtuality is suddenly made of some alien people , and there &apos;s nothing to do with reality .
bruce brown , a famous historian of the department of smallpox , is so far to say that these media , he &apos;s the book , and the image , so what we think media is as mass as media is significantly significantly , and so on the way , what we have is what we have known as mass media , our ability to have been able to have our capacity to have been completed .
let &apos;s do a little bit of a rock .
the machine &apos;s office for the machine machine .
what does influence on our thinking and our memory system ?
then the most respected thing is the irrational cultures .
and they &apos;re going to have more and more of the years of the burden on the lead of the vaccine .
that means , instead of remember to individually , we have standardized , far common patterns , in massive common patterns that we can depend on our personal memories .
we don &apos;t produce anymore .
we have an abstract language of a language .
we don &apos;t imagine the thing anymore in pictures , but we &apos;re going to warn you our language .
we &apos;ve used to have that stuff linear .
and we &apos;ve accepted the linearity as law , and there are only exceptions , like the average ones .
what &apos;s left is the main thing .
still , we &apos;re very , very arrested for a brain to be very , very strong .
the question is , what is it now ?
we had the financial eradication project , we had the age of age , and we &apos;ll go now to this so-called solar techniques .
and that sounds very painful , and it sounds very well fiction , i know .
but these concepts of the design code , they bring us these kinds of possibilities back to our ability to explore our capabilities .
there &apos;s virtuality . it &apos;s about power ; it &apos;s about sustainability .
i want to explain a little bit about this .
there &apos;s technical concepts like this , for example , the augmented reality , which is called augmented reality .
so , if you look at google &apos;s books , then you can put a concept of what the virtual world is using with the real world , our affection for the new world , the virtual ones , the virtual nature , is getting addressed again .
another example is that the so-called virtual reality is what is called a virtual reality .
so , of course , the context of my talk may sound , we &apos;re not going to be able to physically existing , virtual worlds , to the heart of the world &apos;s content .
and other examples are the basic ones , smart systems .
these are rooms that can react to a human being .
all this requires , our basic ability to accept empathy as a real habitat .
i &apos;ve graduated from conclusion , and i hope the video works , a very , very beautiful project , which is the coal bank of michael allen , dimitri modified , nobel prize processing poetry and humiliating news .
and the two are the two main ones today .
you may be just up to your short time , so you can get to the two over the project .
and this project , i &apos;ve brought an example of how to addresses the most cognitive , cognitive models .
the whole is a game , i have to say .
and of course , what &apos;s extremely frustrating is the computer &apos;s game .
and when i say computer games , they &apos;ve probably got a lot of eyes in front of some of the smartest day or they &apos;re going to play with some of the people who are in front of some of the pirate phones .
so anyway , they &apos;re doing that in the way .
this is a game for out .
and that &apos;s specific to the world that i think discover the outside world , so i discover the real world .
and this game is connecting the virtual world , so the data is the climate change that we produce , with the real world .
i apologize i must be so hard .
you can do that in the same way that you can explain , there &apos;s more than much more behind .
and that &apos;s what i find a city where i discover a city of positive or negative redundancy .
and so i get a whole bit of a city , a different way of looking at the city , which is a different impression , which i see negative and positive zones of a city , and get a very different way to a new city .
and so we &apos;d like to look at this .
ah , what you can see here is , i &apos;m sorry , one little explanation of what you see right now .
of course , this virtual world is in the walls of our cities , is clear .
and with a kind of torch , we can make these virtual worlds .
so , i would like to conclude with my point to my talk , which is that the properties and the skills that we &apos;ve acquired from the most respected material , and that &apos;s what we &apos;ve acquired from the most respected material , that the way we have acquired the so-called hiv systems , and we can actually come back to our roots .
thank you .
yeah , i &apos;m very excited to be able to be in you .
i &apos;ve been a very well asked if this bag is a bag of a bag , and i &apos;m going to talk about it .
it &apos;s not going to be going to be .
i &apos;ll also repeat what &apos;s in there .
but i &apos;m just going to do it a little bit of the n .
yes , kids are inherently curious , or should be curious , designers .
i &apos;m a creator of the house , so i &apos;m also in the subject of curiosity , and how much is the curiosity we think , and why it &apos;s also going to be , curiosity , etc . so on and so forth .
that &apos;s a whole bunch of things that you can do to be able to do with the real experience of a choice .
if professors are curious , they &apos;re often going to be able to get into the n of the n .
and that &apos;s what i had over the last half year .
a training system to be an natural user interface .
now , you &apos;ll ask , why do we start to get the whole method of the whole , more powerful communication of communication , and then to go to care and so on .
and there &apos;s only one of these little devices that are up to the same little devices because things are always more intuitive , always natural , more natural , and there &apos;s a way to look at what &apos;s actually true for us people , what is more unusual or intuitively .
and before the background , i have to do an natural user interface , so the next generation of the world in the human field , the next generation of the human computers in the relationship with the human computers , how our tools or how the computer works from computers to the digital assistant .
so i &apos;ve been busy doing this when , of course , and intuitively .
maybe again , you can see it again .
why does this happen at all ?
so , if we look at the development of our society , here &apos;s a brief one , we &apos;re going to move from the third of the fourth consumer or a lot of the time .
so from modern to the modern .
each of society is shaped by a non-zero-sum .
the first is the educational system of the language .
that means that you &apos;ve found a common language that you &apos;ve talked about , and you could communicate with each other , and in other areas , cities have formed , and in other areas , cities , and it &apos;s a kind of an idea of a kind of a joke .
but the main thing was , the language was , something very natural , something very natural .
so , you know , you &apos;ve had to learn , well , not talking about nature , but we learn it and we &apos;re in general .
that was then given to the ancient society and the first form of abstraction .
that was a lot of time at the time , because of course , the living language began to manifest themselves in form , which is called what &apos;s going on , what is going to be a lot of life and alive , i &apos;ll start with it .
je after that i &apos;m going to go through and when i &apos;m going to go through it , of course , it &apos;s a whole different coverage , as if there &apos;s a life of life .
but then , besides , the writing is like a car crash , then it received .
then the next generation , we &apos;re still living in the world today .
this is just the pressure of pressure and print , writing with click and others .
it was the same as a bribe where the aristocracy , the addition , the truth , the other people , are actually insane , when the people are reading , they want to be a mess , they want to join the people , and that &apos;s , of course , it &apos;s completely fatal .
and now we &apos;re going to come in the next generation and the exciting thing , that &apos;s a whole hundred years ago , and we &apos;re really at the moment in this particular phase that we &apos;re being part of .
so , we really get rid of , of course , because we see on one side the new media , private media , facebook and so on and so forth .
with utter transparency , what the new thinking is , what the old thinking is slam , you don &apos;t say that in the middle of the world , you don &apos;t say that in the middle of the world , you don &apos;t say it &apos;s a moment , and you want it to be able to do it .
and these two worlds are just playing new and old thinking .
the exciting thing is , if you look at this guy , this new society , these kinds of things , are a lot of mechanisms , principles and fundamental paradigm from the ground &apos;s military .
but now , not at the local level , it &apos;s on a global level .
we &apos;ve understood that the weather is global .
that the subject of ecology is a global global .
not if i think the way i think about this is the better , and the neighbor is less flowing , it doesn &apos;t work anymore .
that means , from the local village , actually a global village , of course , to the same principles , but the total transparency , but also the total transparency .
so , as you know , in the village , who has what and when , in the course , this is what we &apos;re going to do , this extension of our self is generating these mobile practices on global scale .
well , it &apos;s that we know that we know how to know and better and better and better .
so , as it was before , it was happening to the village .
so before the background , i just got to see it in a way , which is what is actually going to be , of course , what is it , what is it , of course , is what we might have been intuitively intuitively , what does that matter ?
because they often come up , they cannot make it a lot of time to get anyone to deal with it .
so you have to deal with this , which is because , not just to make it change , it &apos;s going to be better , but it &apos;s also supposed to be better .
and when it &apos;s also a bit intuitively intuitively , and how can i take a sense of the effect , and the way that it &apos;s a solution is that it &apos;s a cost-effective , so that it &apos;s a very intuitive way of using it .
you &apos;re also trying to do a lot of time with the subject of perception and the security system .
and that &apos;s , of course , what you start and looking at , and look , okay , now i &apos;m just looking inside the inside self .
and what &apos;s it really like to do ?
so how do we work when we go there ?
and what does , actually , is , actually , intuitively intuitively work , and how do we work our channels of perception and how does the cognitive process work ?
because steve jobs have said , you know , you get to dig up to dig up with it .
so you really have to look at the detail if i want to make something a little bit more or intuitively , what does that mean in the core .
and you can see that you have a recent sense , most of the time we have five , and then it &apos;s probably seven gone now , because it &apos;s certainly seven to the next , the eighth sense , and as an extension again , our self is still the same , and as an extension again , our self .
and to look at how we process information , how do we take information on ?
so to say , what is information ?
information is any difference that makes a difference .
a lot of the word , you know , they don &apos;t know what it means really well .
but i have to understand in the core , in the nature , when information becomes information , when data comes from data and from information , i know how i know what i mean after things also seem to be intuitive or of course .
and of course , how does influence influence on perception .
we see this if i designed things , then i can make it confusing , like on the right , where i don &apos;t know , what &apos;s salt and pepper , or i can design them as intuitively as i can .
so , very much more natural , in a vessel , but i see in a way , where is salt and pepper .
and if i say someone , give me salt or pepper , then he &apos;ll be thinking , well , what &apos;s in there .
and the left just intuitively access , and then i hope that no sugar is in there , the salt just gives you the salt .
but also our perception itself , how does it feel like it &apos;s too .
for example , this perception in context .
the right circle looks bigger than the little , although it &apos;s not the case , but it &apos;s a very large way of changing the perception , but it &apos;s still changing our perception , depending on what context we &apos;re doing .
does anybody know what that is ?
come on .
but i should be able to work on the same day .
there &apos;s actually a little bit of my glasses there .
so it &apos;s &apos; n bubble .
a second circle begins to correspond to closely or correlated .
and if i still add a wider scale , we &apos;ll see , at a time , not only one , which is a big , big , bubble , and , we see one , we don &apos;t see any more , three parts , a circle , a circle , another one .
it &apos;s called a car that &apos;s called a partner or a partner that also affects us in perception .
the reason for the designers , they have the most semester , the great ones , the great ones .
close to the horizon , except for the continuity and so forth .
and then you &apos;ve forgotten , in the third , again .
but it &apos;s an essential important component to the way that you want to design things as well as the same intuitively .
the next phenomenon , which is really interesting , is that of vision .
so , a little bit of a banal , is it &apos;s exciting to be engaged in this way .
so we have the eyes on the front , and now you think we &apos;re looking at the back .
that &apos;s wrong .
you can see from the back .
because they &apos;re an assumption , they &apos;ll see something you can see , testable bubble bubble .
that means we &apos;re just seeing our way , which we see , again , in our inbox , to say , okay , so let &apos;s see , okay , so we &apos;ll see it in the back of our lab .
i have a sense of cognitive design , you have what you want to see .
so that &apos;s then , again , it comes back .
then again , again , it &apos;s the back of the back , because the back of the back doesn &apos;t come to the front , and it &apos;s going to be like , actually , i &apos;m going to get you to do what you &apos;re looking at .
and then again , again , it &apos;s going to be back , and then it &apos;s actually just going to be seen .
so , a very , very straightforward process , like something that &apos;s going on and what &apos;s going on for the most things that are happening to the things .
i don &apos;t know who &apos;s familiar with this picture .
there &apos;s exactly what i &apos;ve been described to .
now , everybody &apos;s trying to see something from this pattern .
i don &apos;t know who you can see .
does somebody see something ?
a brand game , right .
if i &apos;ve seen that that &apos;s a hydrogen in the middle , you know that it &apos;s in the same way .
you &apos;ll never forget it &apos;s going to forget , because i &apos;ll show you where the main thing is .
now , you see the ted problem .
and on , you know , you &apos;re always looking at it .
so , i actually prepared them so they &apos;re willing to be able to see no pattern of the physical code , but i &apos;ve got them inside the very easy time to see this dog in the convoluted image .
and this is this projection of vision , vision , see .
now i know it &apos;s now , and i &apos;m going to go ahead and see the ted problem .
i see the ted industry .
so , quite exciting processes that then , in this , you &apos;re not actually , but there &apos;s a little bit of it , but here &apos;s where the most powerful mass was going to be done .
does anybody know what three seconds are ?
long , yeah .
that &apos;s our present .
so , it &apos;s always interesting to know as a designer .
if i know something , three seconds , until i &apos;m in the moment , i &apos;m going to bridge the same way , and i can try to bridge it in the same way that i &apos;m doing it with a three seconds .
it &apos;s just to process the present .
then it goes into the past , and i can bridge to the computer , so i can bridge the computer , and i know it &apos;s the phenomenon .
what do they take in milliseconds ?
yeah , milliseconds .
also an interesting thing is .
this is the time you &apos;re in love .
that means that if you know that you know , you &apos;re looking at where you look at the same time , because i have no environmental personnel on what can be done for this .
and they &apos;ll milliseconds and recover , too , a very exciting phenomenon .
that &apos;s the time of most of the inspiration that we have .
that means that the first thing is , in a rapidly fast speed , how we perceive things .
and as we see things , what we &apos;re looking for , and we also have to protect ourselves against our environment so that we can think about it as well .
of course , the designers are not just about to be the subject of perceptions , neural tourism , or musical theory , by course , with the issue of climate change .
so , like a human being to be accordingly .
there &apos;s an underground thing that &apos;s going to be practical , so the formal aspects or the other things are happening .
there &apos;s a lot of time where i know where i really need to reach .
there &apos;s also symbolic functions , why do someone have a little bit of a car that would be like a little bit of a car , where they don &apos;t have anything to do , so much money on it ?
we &apos;re more likely to be symbolic , on the edge of the climate , which we &apos;re using as a creator of the act of course .
back to my actual subject of natural africa , and the subject of course , what &apos;s natural is about it , is more powerful .
so , health care is always how i can do that , or how can i be able to achieve a certain extent or how to create a user in a certain way , efficient and cuban officer is going to achieve .
that &apos;s how it says , rather than the norm .
how do i make something more important ?
can i have that directly or do i need the n manual , or i need the discussion for that .
and less or less , it &apos;s a lot of time .
i &apos;m just designing it in a different way , and a beautiful thing is not that it &apos;s better .
you have to understand that .
and if you &apos;re in part of the software that we &apos;ve seen , you &apos;ll see , you know why 99 percent of our new software today is very intuitively intuitively , or not to be able to understand why 99 percent of our new software systems are very intuitive , or not to be able to be a source of science .
and this is an intuitive concept that doesn &apos;t even have an elementary school account , an elementary school cycle , if i just want to make technological devices .
why ?
because in the rule , we &apos;re using this new kind of diet , so the natural user is going to be five times more than the average one .
you have to imagine that if you make something of the classic plastic telescope , five hours , and with this new kind of software , only one hour is one hour .
that doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;ll probably go home to four hours more than you would be home , or you &apos;ll see anybody would have a seat for the four hours of doing it .
but i want to say that , of course , there &apos;s a greater amount of energy , some of the way that i want to do .
and if we go back to the building in the field , there &apos;s this first compelling interfaces that were very abstract where it has been to be a months to deal with these systems .
then the next thing that came with is the self-organizing neural model , the mental model as the software companies , they have worked , is a notion of something , the metaphor , the metaphor , a desktop to make the computer secure .
so not any zeros , and ones or lose code , but a metaphor .
it was a lot of time doing this , but it &apos;s also much better .
the next generation of graphics are working on the way that they do it .
so , i design as a designer , a lot more than that , what it looks like .
that &apos;s also a paradigm shift .
i think that i always look at the feeling of success , the success of the app , just the performance of the app .
and if i have another step of carbon interface in that natural user interfaces , where i &apos;m talking about a language , by touch , by a touch , by an act of an artist , by an act of an artist , and no more than mouse and cursor can control things , i &apos;m still going to be faster and more .
but that &apos;s what i mean , again , again , when things are actually more intuitive ?
if it &apos;s intuitive , then i have to stretch my little friend here , and look at what &apos;s really , really , a point of view of the process , when actually , what does it mean ?
and that &apos;s always a kind of intuitively kind of intuitively kind of thinking about it , if i have to think very little about it .
so , it doesn &apos;t seem like a way to think , but they &apos;re doing it in a way .
the less i think about it , the more intuitive it is .
and what does that mean for the designers ?
that means if we can look at existing systems from one thing to something else , for example , for the metaphor , then i can use it as a choice .
that means , i can just put an intuitive , human energy on a software , and so the software is essentially making a lot of action .
and , of course , the question , what is the most powerful thing is that we have people and i have already to tell you .
this is what &apos;s called a vaccine .
it uses each other and a shadow , and you can choose , choose , inform , inform , policy , private news .
all of you do all the time , but it &apos;s doing it , and it &apos;s also like intuitively intuitively , or partly intuitively , or intuitively intuitively .
the model is already going to be a lot of the womb , and it &apos;s been working in the world &apos;s most popular and old , so it &apos;s working in young and old , and most of us had been used to that model without any fact that this model is available .
so , high-speed fever is going to be about 50 to 50 times the rate of activity , so in sleeping , you &apos;ve found that it &apos;s a lot more than a day .
i can now orient to this mental expression , choose , inform , climate change .
and by the way , through the metaphor , the way that the metaphor of the problem is , now , it &apos;s not a metaphor for a physical object , but a metaphor of a bottom-up approach , a robotic castle .
and this is on a higher grail of survival than the transmission of a classical metaphor , which is the main one of the main mechanisms .
and if i &apos;m going to do this , for example , in which i &apos;m going to orient , you know , choose to look at the kinds of rules , you know , it &apos;s the big thing that i can see in the case , and yes , it &apos;s a lot of time , and i can look at it , and i &apos;m going to go out and look at it and so on .
then i can transmit the whole .
i &apos;m trying to do this with an example .
it &apos;s a single one that &apos;s eaten .
discuss : now i interact with the object , again , zoom in , zoom in .
i &apos;m going to track the whole way that i can do this , and can say , just show me all of the time with chocolate .
and once again , a interface which is essential and very much more natural .
because i can get the things that can grab the pieces , and they can come up to me , is much more natural than hierarchical organized websites or other mechanisms to make these things available .
imagination is more commonly considered a meal , and with that sentence , i want to close to a way to give you a better , and in that sense , designers need to think differently about the new solutions , and in that sense , i &apos;m very much very happy for your attention and please .
i want to give you a very certain aspect of curiosity .
the first one , if you &apos;re a kid , as a baby , is that you &apos;re going to take care of what you &apos;ve got , yeah ? and depending on whether your parents allowed them to play more or less in the same way , the more , in some way , their curiosity , of course .
and the curiosity won &apos;t be learning .
so , all of those are the ones who are here and curious , in fact , people who have a property that you cannot learn .
i &apos;m going to talk about all of these online communities , saving 40 years , to make a quality of life .
and there &apos;s a central point in this .
and that depends on phosphorus .
give it a chance .
you can give them a telephone , you can give up about two gram phosphorus , and every day you have to have two gram phosphorus .
otherwise you can &apos;t have teeth .
they can &apos;t store energy .
you can &apos;t have bone .
we could just roll as supermassive as supermassive water curves .
if we don &apos;t actually get phosphorus and throw away .
it &apos;s really , amazingly , we &apos;re talking to something that is really a matter of matter , but it &apos;s not that it &apos;s a matter of course .
because everybody &apos;s talking about energy , but nobody is talking about the internet .
the health system is much more critical .
we depend on two countries .
we &apos;ve only been over two years phosphorus and now it &apos;s going to be much more embedded in the world that &apos;s used to be used in all plants than in all nuclear plants .
in the last 20 years , most of the cotton embedded are been distributed in germany to our fields in germany .
and that &apos;s what we &apos;re going to take up .
it &apos;s also doing leukemia with kids .
and we think we would protect the environment if we &apos;re a little bit less harmful .
so , for example , the environment , the environment , gets less car .
the environment , make less waste .
the environment , the environment , a new energy .
but that &apos;s not protection .
so that &apos;s like i would say , your kid , you get it , just three times than five .
it &apos;s just a little bit less destruction .
when we think about the womb , we think , we will think , &quot; we used to be a keyboard .
it &apos;s what &apos;s womb at the womb .
and the most important thing is to look at the ground as first .
in the floor , over 60 percent of the carbon &apos;s stored .
we &apos;re building corn and losing corn &apos;s kilograms of phosphorus and 30 kilograms of phosphorus per hectare , or on the cubic valley of water .
that means we &apos;re losing about five thousand times more than a new one .
we can actually look at the same term .
and it &apos;s all packaging or content .
in case for instance , in the age of 20 , the 20 percent of the world &apos;s population are located in favor .
and because we &apos;re older , that will be bigger .
that &apos;s them all in the national field .
yeah ?
one baby takes about six thousand spoiled .
we could , of course , reduce 10 percent , but what does that do ?
this is going to be balanced in china in a second .
that &apos;s completely trivial .
so the question is , how do we do this spoil time ?
here , by the way , there &apos;s the evidence that men are not pigs .
i want to tell you .
because the phosphorus is being emitted by pigs , the solid components .
with the people over the urine .
yeah .
so that &apos;s how men can &apos;t be pigs .
because that &apos;s what &apos;s designed , right ?
traditionally we think in the fashion sector , we &apos;re too many in the world .
and if you &apos;re the people who are going to exist in the way that you say it would be better , you wouldn &apos;t be there , you &apos;re going to be more competent and hostile .
and so someone &apos;s telling me , &quot; somebody like al gore , one of our big heroes , is not a major way of stabilize human population .
in israel , you &apos;ll say , if you &apos;re a human being , you &apos;ll be able to do the earth .
here it says , the more you have the ones , the better .
yeah .
the first question is , are we really too many ?
and if you look at the ants , the weight of the ants on earth , the ants weigh about four times more than we humans .
i could also take termites , but in the united states , no termites like the u.s. , in the way , no termites in the united states may be vegetarian .
that means that ants weigh much more than us .
and because they &apos;re physically working much harder than we do , and because they live only three to six months , they are in their weight , in energy consumption , in the energy consumption , in the energy consumption .
that means we &apos;re not too stupid , yeah ?
and where you see how far we are going to do what we really wanted to achieve and could be , and how sad we are , we can see that we have a program at all , to see that for example , to be a program , to be 20 40 minutes , you &apos;ll be able to be here ?
you can only be able to be able to be risky , yeah ?
the only chance .
you &apos;ve seen a distorted tree ?
yeah ?
one ?
that means our entire intelligence means that we would be 36 than the trees , yes ?
yeah ?
no tree is a beer .
luckily , not for happiness , right ?
there &apos;s no plastic in trees .
there &apos;s still six billion trees in the midst of the water .
you &apos;ve heard about it already from trees ?
that means that all of our intelligence means that we would want dumber than the trees .
and where you see , even at something like demeter , the biological biological agriculture , agriculture , is not allowed to go back to our own food system .
we have to lose three million tons of phosphorus , which is really going to be a little bit together .
and so we &apos;re too many .
it &apos;s just about it .
that &apos;s what we feel so guilty about the earth that we say , there &apos;s no business , no doubt , no business , no business , and as you &apos;re all right , that allows our own pyramid .
isn &apos;t that sad ?
so we &apos;re too many .
it &apos;s safe to be less harmful to what money can be .
but where are we useful ?
we &apos;re trying to minimize our ecological footprint , but it &apos;s about to have a big footprint , which is useful .
we want to be good for society , but we want to be good for the economy , but if it &apos;s about the environment , the highest , not there ?
yeah , yeah ?
you can just have a single amount of cards if you &apos;re not there .
even if you shoot you now , you would have emissions .
so , you can &apos;t solve that .
we can &apos;t do it differently .
we can regain our nutrients .
we &apos;re doing agriculture in brazil , where we regain nutrients .
in fact , we can have a way of putting nutrients in agriculture .
we do this in china for example , where we take directly the waste of it .
in china , a computer &apos;s still called a computer today , so , in a way , yes ?
and in our western world , we were still too stupid to help our nutrients come from .
that means that the whole western writers are coming out of the way that the city has been just taken up , but the farmers never put on it .
and so the cities to grow up more and more , because the farmers would still go to the cities , and the cities still had to keep their nutrients out .
all the time , the western empires are expanding , until they don &apos;t have the infrastructure anymore , and then they &apos;re hardwired .
yeah ?
in china , it was different .
you &apos;ve been able to get civilization over five five years , because you &apos;ve always been able to get the nutrients back .
even today , if you invited to food , you would expect to stay in china until you seek the bathroom .
because it &apos;s ignorant to go and take the nutrients off .
you put them on the food , not to the dinner camp .
that means you can see the web , you can get the nutrients out .
it &apos;s actually a beautiful thing that is , if you do this , it &apos;s unstable , on a hectare of five people with five people in favelas , so you can make a farmer about $ 50,000 , and the plant is waiting , chickens and vegetables and fish and fish and fish .
and the great thing is that the average line of the favelas in favelas are about 90 percent .
so we don &apos;t have to control people to be very bad .
we can support them to be good .
that &apos;s of course , but the water fiber has been carrying themselves .
the byproduct is safe water .
and they &apos;re designed by design , which is a farmer that can fly it .
that means that you go back to the same time .
and none of these facilities , we &apos;ve been building over the course of the 20 years , not by these facilities , they have no more aquatic equipment .
you could just get a liter of a liter of salt and then it would be ruined over years .
don &apos;t find any way .
that means we don &apos;t have to control people to be very bad .
we can support them to be good .
that means we need to be phosphorus .
and by the way , if you do what you want , you write yourself in germany , the best way to do that is to be the best efficient treatment in the world .
unfortunately , not in the classroom , but maybe you can help the most excited you do .
because the fda is able to regain the phosphorus system .
and that has to go back .
we &apos;re seeing that phosphorus is really critical .
and we see that it &apos;s really true .
we &apos;ve used to put in holland over three years .
the dutch government explained , you will be the first country in the world , which is phosphorus .
but we need this overall .
you know , there are two countries that are controlling almost 70 percent of the world &apos;s population .
there &apos;s opec &apos;s whole bunch of data .
these are the countries that control 40 percent of the control of the population .
and we &apos;re going to replace oil by other energy &apos;s carbon dioxide .
but the phosphorus is not going to replace you .
that &apos;s not about making the existing one in a little bit less bad , but it &apos;s about to make something really true .
and it &apos;s all about questions that are right .
that means that it &apos;s about efficiency , not efficiency .
in holland , you understand that it &apos;s easier to be done because in holland &apos;s land , the land is built on flowers .
yeah ?
so imagine if your wife is sad , if you &apos;re upset , if you &apos;re upset , and you come to the 50 beat .
totally inefficient .
but it &apos;s very effective , right ?
or take a sense of it .
a woman in germany : about six seconds of three kilograms of her life .
this is what it &apos;s doing .
now , that &apos;s not a scientific thing not right because we don &apos;t know how much more &apos;s business is going to be .
but a mismatch , even at this illumination , i can tell you , is totally inefficient , but really effective , yes ?
so , one thing that &apos;s beautiful is not efficient .
it &apos;s not resource resource , it &apos;s efficiency .
so what &apos;s the right ?
not to burn a little bit better , and it &apos;s going to be able to lose the entire materials to lose the entire materials , but first to ask , how do you get cycles like cycles ?
imagine mozart as mozart .
yeah ?
if i was to dinner and say , yes , there &apos;s a pill with prostate cancer and a glass of water .
wonderful , isn &apos;t it ?
this is efficient .
everything that is beautiful in life is not efficient .
if you love somebody in love , efficiently ?
yeah ?
that means , everything is counts in life , not to avoid it , to reduce it .
the whole thing is all the way .
we say people , oh yeah , you don &apos;t have any green in the south .
no , it &apos;s just the right , yes ?
every point where you &apos;re going to be able to do it , yes , you can &apos;t get back again .
but the wrong thing .
if you &apos;re going to put the wrong things out there , you have a nuclear reactor .
in the way we think of north america .
there &apos;s any footprint there .
if you run , yeah , every footprint that &apos;s the bottom .
because the ground is going to be the mosses , and the wind is going to lay down the floor .
but if you &apos;re in italy , every footprint , every footprint that has been there will be longer in the meadow .
so , it &apos;s about creating a big footprint that &apos;s a chariot that &apos;s going to be a chariot .
not rocket designers .
we &apos;re saying sustainability is sustainability .
yeah ?
but if i ask you , how do you do that with your wife ?
what do you say ?
sustainable .
and then i say , &quot; aw , yeah ?
that &apos;s just the minimum .
so not saving , prevent , avoid .
each waste is wasted .
and it &apos;s a lust , if you see in italy , how people put it in the same bow , a lack of coke , to get out of the car .
because you know , that &apos;s a transformative process .
it &apos;s a form of cogs , yes ?
you can show , i was there .
but with the real design , please .
we &apos;ve developed a field of design , which is a flat temperature .
you throw it out , you throw it up .
it &apos;s going to build in two hours .
and it contains seeds of rare plants , so they can contribute through diversity .
that means we &apos;re useful , not less harmful .
so there &apos;s two cycles of light .
it &apos;s not all about it &apos;s going to be motivating carbon dioxide .
a television or a washing machine , which you can just use , you don &apos;t consume them .
just the things that are more like the bailout , how do you know how much food , how do you have to be able to do it in biological systems .
the things that are only used to be used in the engineering systems .
but today , we &apos;re just talking about biological systems .
yeah ?
for instance , the average engine , yes ?
in direct terms , not for the company documenting 21 perspectives , but for that , you &apos;re trying to help this company make these products successful .
because we don &apos;t do the things anymore .
yeah ?
so , if i go to the food and say , this is free from your grasp , then it helps you not .
no , we &apos;re stuck in what &apos;s inside .
positive .
so , not like cleaning up .
not toxic in .
it &apos;s all in it , it &apos;s useful .
these are the first shoes you can get to the front of the house on the front of the night and the rubber in biological circles , yes ?
it &apos;s a ton of different yours .
and if we can do that , of course , of course , we can do it for nike , for nike , for corporate management and manufacturing , and the entire textile industry .
and that is half of the world &apos;s entire world that will be caused by the textile industry .
and that &apos;s why you help people , ask them to ask .
hey , murdered , are you really serious ?
because they &apos;ve been able to change the same time twice .
and i &apos;m not sure if you really do want to be a mess .
so , help me a little bit of it .
but it &apos;s going to be .
yeah .
that &apos;s what has been shown .
that &apos;s going to be .
we can do things like this now that you can break if you break it , you can break in biological cycles .
so , technical devices are just the same .
there &apos;s this direct one to be a direct utility .
this is the first ecological backpack , indeed , that &apos;s made to go back to the cycle .
so , in every store , you can do things like this .
if you come to that , yeah ?
do you remember the bottom time that you still ?
if you &apos;re on the moment , the waste .
all over the place , these self-interest are almost , almost .
in the countries where people come to money .
there &apos;s the same thing on the front of the day , but also in the landscape , yes ?
if we change the plastics , that it can go in biological systems , if we change the carbon spill , that they can just go back to the bottom of the day or in tunisia , trees in tunisia .
yeah ?
if you take those soils soils , you &apos;re shrinking , unpredictable and the powder would take the trees to plant the trees .
so the baby &apos;s been running for all of the life , already .
so , we don &apos;t need to be able to be able to be predictive .
it &apos;s a kind of a emailed plate .
yeah , so , in a way .
yeah ?
we can do that .
we can &apos;t make it happen again .
i started to get an institute .
and in the meantime , many people have been doing it , and they all have invested in it .
there &apos;s extra club , a club where everybody can join .
so not saving , prevent , avoid , not going to reduce , not a one-way waste , but intelligent waste .
does that matter curious ?
thank you .
the work of the puzzle .
music as language .
in the description of my speech , i wrote that as a career , i think as a career , i understand the english of the english .
charles owned the written article in brilliant music .
that you don &apos;t just know the word for a word for word in a different language , but also the deeper sense of the words and the goals to understand the deeper sense of words , everybody knows that they have a good translation to do it with the vaccine .
you know , in english to translate from english to english , more knowing exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly because it &apos;s about poetry or even poetry .
but most of the alien , it &apos;s been kind of alien to what we do with our collaborators .
when i was a tour of a computer , i just first had the written notes .
you think that the composer had exactly the exact news of all the time , which he had dreamed of .
in fact , the grades are very vague and inaccurate .
these notes are about as long as anything or inaccurate , like a verbal , even as seemingly seemingly seems accurate , description of a landscape .
because in the verbal verbal sense , the smell of flowers don &apos;t smell , the extent of the raw appearance , not to see the highest nature of wind , not feeling the world &apos;s surface .
that means , the timing , the timing data , the other one , which is a different way of translating non-verbal , non-verbal , involves specific or concrete of vaccine .
i want to tell you what i &apos;m saying to you , which i translate , so again , even in a verbal language , you translate language .
so basically , a translation of the translation .
so i &apos;m going to take you to do this all the way to the german , because if i had to translate into english again , it would be the translation of the translation of the translation .
so , the music that works for me as the best word language .
the scores of grades are actually the function of the letters .
so it &apos;s not going to be just a notes to learn , and to press the implications of the piano , or the right thing to do on a foot .
that &apos;s just the letters that you &apos;ve learned .
the point of the letters can actually recognize if you can &apos;t get the language to do it .
so , you need to use music for at least as long as the spoken language of music is at least as long as the spoken language .
so there &apos;s also less than less if you &apos;re learning it , you know , you learn to understand it , or you can talk to the musical native .
the work of the field is similar to the way that one of the football games is .
and after first , you &apos;ve got a piece of play , because you &apos;re excited about it , you &apos;re able to take the origin of the composition of the composition .
you can collect information about the piece in the stream .
you read in letters , you know , your notes , or , or if it &apos;s words , thoughts from composers himself .
you studied the works that he has taken out and after .
you compare comparison .
the motivations are going to write it .
how , what did he feel ?
how were the circumstances the circumstances of the society and the politics ?
all of that is what i &apos;m interested in .
you think in that time , by example , you &apos;re reading new pictures of the literature or literature .
but with the time , you &apos;ve been a conflict , too , as an emergency , and you have a rich knowledge for the composers that you play more hours , and it &apos;s always easier to feel in it and feel it .
the composer &apos;s always becoming more like a friend of mine .
his cause to write the piece , will always be more and more to my personal concerns that it &apos;s going to be .
now , the grades are all other than a real record of the composer , but just a scaffold , i &apos;m now , i &apos;m going to turn this scaffold to a whole to meaning it again and meaning to things .
i say , in my own words , what would be written between this scaffold .
i &apos;m playing a lot of what these sounds might have .
now for me , for the composers , and what you might mean for him today .
each note , every phrase , is making sense , because i feel it &apos;s because i have my own personal household .
it has to be in the case , and now , in the same way , i can &apos;t convince my audience that that &apos;s my cause .
it &apos;s always a happy concert , if i have the experience of being able to have the experience , the piece that i &apos;ve worked on as long as we &apos;ve worked in the way .
as you &apos;ve always experienced a happy new day again , although always with the same rituals of life , breakfast , they go to work , so i &apos;ll have the same piece of play again again .
i &apos;ve become older again , and i &apos;ll be older at night than the seasons move , my pulse goes down to the morning , it would be longer than the sound back at home .
i take the audience true , consciously or unconsciously .
all of this impacts me and all of this affects my experience with the composition .
it &apos;s also wonderful , if i stand on the stage with a rock on stage , and we have the same wavelength .
then the same thing happens in a good , entertaining conversation .
you get a new idea in which it &apos;s going to be answered with a reaction .
it &apos;s exciting because then things that we don &apos;t have practiced and what you don &apos;t practiced .
it &apos;s great fun to do this way , and you have the audience to have the audience to see how the music is communicating .
this is a other concert .
i &apos;m never going to play more like this .
i can &apos;t play this today as in 20 years .
i &apos;m going to have more experience experience than today , and i &apos;m going to have a lot more of the palette to be in the palette , more and emotions than today .
sure , i &apos;m going to have some online maybe some of the world &apos;s rights now , but to make new kinds of better .
and i have a nice , interesting example .
it was on a dinner forum for my loved old teacher , professor k. luxe , a famous german professor , documenting the long-term professor of the world &apos;s cancer in x-ray rooms .
unfortunately , i was still too young so that he was already going to be able to study when i finally started studying .
but i was very lucky , and i was very early to meet , to get to know , and so i was in my high school classes .
i was at the time 17 , when i entered one of his courses , and i played the last of the four verses of the chopin , a piece of the chopin .
he asked me what the introduction of this particular thing was to me .
this is a very much part of this .
and in my lab i said , &quot; expectation .
and he said , &quot; so , do he ?
that &apos;s what the main thing is to be the driver .
because for me , it means memory .
he was already over 60 .
well , in 17 , you have dreams , but no big memories are going to be a lot of memories .
i &apos;m going to play the pieces over the course of every couple of years , and i &apos;ve been replicated , although not a single grade has changed .
it &apos;s exciting time , because every time i read something new .
one of them is a very different area . monet has painted the crystal painted .
it &apos;s always the same garden , but at least at least more fragile , with more time , with light light .
he &apos;s translated the entire amount of information , and he &apos;s seen it as he has seen it in this moment .
his personal health rate of the field of affairs .
the divorce interpretation of a piece that is comparable .
and now , i &apos;ve been as older as the chopin with the age of a day when he wrote the piece .
he lived in just a lifetime years .
and it &apos;s important to look at the notes , even though i mean , i &apos;m able to memorize them .
to keep the sport , directly with the composers .
because the grades are the only ones right now .
especially if it died .
so how do you start talking about the language of music ?
i said yes , you need to have a lot of it for the same spoken language .
and so often , the most potent is the case that you &apos;re learning the notes .
you learn virtually it first before you speak only one word .
you learn to find the sound of the notes on the instrument .
if all of you , in time , and right , as it says in the notes , then you get sound that sounds like music .
if that &apos;s happening all the time , the students gets the most sacred piece of play .
it &apos;s not going to be talked about the classroom .
well , there &apos;s a second counter , which is a quick piece of play .
it &apos;s slowly , slowly .
loud and worse , f and b , et .
that &apos;s what most of these .
but even if you put this data , it still stays something like technology .
and still it &apos;s not a interpretation of it .
i wonder .
i wonder that you &apos;re often forgotten to forget something quite a bit more .
that &apos;s that to make music on the instrument that make your musical experience and feel it would be present before .
which is singing .
a kid who didn &apos;t have the singing , because they don &apos;t have to do the parents , it won &apos;t be done by itself .
this is like the air industry .
it &apos;s necessary to have your own experience and idea of the music , to give it a more possibility to sound , so about a instrument that makes you sound .
people who have never been singing , would never feel directly with their own bodies , as it is to make a sound .
it &apos;s a phrase with his own breath .
the instrument is the extension of our body .
our vocal chords to sing , our hands and feet to the dancing .
so the insurance system in the piano is the sequel of my fingers .
the melody comes out of the car and the rhythm of the dance .
the continual friction today is not such a sense .
you don &apos;t need to make yourself a more painful music if it &apos;s being boring .
not necessary to sing or sing a bribe .
every single music is being accurate when you &apos;re going to be able to make music happen on the outside with music .
sure , there are some of you who say , yes , but what do you do when i just read it ?
i &apos;m saying , you can &apos;t sing , a because you believe you can &apos;t sing ?
or b , because you didn &apos;t learn to sing ?
and in both cases , it &apos;s not too late to start to figure out , if you can &apos;t , or learn how to do these little muscles that are going to be used correctly .
and that &apos;s where you &apos;re training .
or c , because you &apos;ve got them to have a lot of them .
i think how dangerous would be that diagnosis ?
do you have a long-term bit of a car or a lot of the way you &apos;re going to say it today ?
or d , you don &apos;t like music and you don &apos;t want to have a drink with nothing .
but what i would regret is because music is a beautiful , exciting thing .
but maybe you can still be able to do it again .
well , you can see , in all cases , no one needs to be a single candidate .
but don &apos;t say , i don &apos;t understand any of the classical music .
i can &apos;t say whether it &apos;s good or bad .
and i say , &quot; but surely you can say , &quot; well , you know , you don &apos;t like it .
because i don &apos;t think it &apos;s somebody who &apos;s going to be eating me , i don &apos;t know if it &apos;s being cooking me .
so , they don &apos;t get rid of the food , because they can &apos;t cook .
so you don &apos;t have to get rid of classical music , because you don &apos;t play an instrument .
listen to them , and say it doesn &apos;t taste it or not .
whether the music is too sweet or too sweet .
tell what you feel .
at the time you get those , you can also have some spices , you know , kind of even fine differences .
why do i urge you from my audience to the same , too ?
because the music is a language , and a language is to communicate .
a piece of art that you &apos;ve never seen is not a force to work .
the food that &apos;s a chef &apos;s cooking , or a chef &apos;s cooking , must be eaten , and not just come from 33 , or just took 33 of them .
so , please listen to if a music is played .
it &apos;s not just a nice thing to do .
if in a environment where the adult actively do , or at least actively hear music , it &apos;s very easy to ask a child , then it &apos;s a very easy one to ask for a mouse , which is what color does your flower ?
can you also play me in blue ?
and the kid &apos;s playing , after a tour of a period , instead of a blue flower , you know , a blue flower is a blue flower .
and this sounds very different than before .
that was the very first beginning of a own musical expression .
so the first step in one interpretation .
and what happens if you play a piece of this today that was originally a hundred , two hundred years ago , or before that , you &apos;ve been written by this ?
now , the instruments have moved .
there was no piano at the time than an instrument .
it was just not invented .
i think the bach would have been going to have been a full if he had the verbal possibilities of modern modern development .
i can &apos;t get the software that had had the stream , on the modern wing , to sound the sound of the master &apos;s .
too , by beethoven , you know , he heard more than that he had been deaf .
today , a modern orchestra is able to play everything that was rejected in the time as a death guard .
so the composers on us are dependent on us taking the pieces again .
to be audible , they &apos;ll be able to be able to put things in the spirit .
and also , what you would think in the spirit today .
or what i &apos;m talking about today is because what you might have thought of .
thank you .
you know what your heart is envy ?
are you going to worry ?
and how did that feel ?
suck .
i have a friend , which is driving a baby .
and if i come to my little v , i &apos;ll get to the little v , it &apos;s going to be that feeling .
i &apos;m shooting something through the head .
i say , &quot; oh , what do you need for the n big ?
that &apos;s a second one that is about half of its own value .
and at all , you &apos;re getting much less than i &apos;m .
why do i have to do a little car like this .
and then i &apos;ll be able to get a little bit of it .
it &apos;s against the justice .
and as i say the word justice is , this awkward feeling away .
our organism has invented a great way to make these awkward feelings as envy of how envy is just going to be the disappear .
you can also try to try and say it as revenge or destiny or similar .
i want to explain something to you today or something , or something you &apos;re probably familiar with .
it comes from a lie .
but don &apos;t think about the lying , you may have heard , when people say , no one has to make a wall of a wall .
and then the rocks break out to be the front of you .
you see in a lie of a lie that the liars can &apos;t believe what he says .
it makes itself easy to check that he has a different point in mind .
he &apos;s just fooled , not yourself .
no , the lying i &apos;m talking about , who do it , they make themselves deceive .
you need the lie to get a brand up to a handshake .
they can make them less easy , yes , or also , push , or turn , it &apos;s also down .
you need time .
from that time , an anecdote is that you may know .
the spanish painter . picasso has once met a woman .
and this woman has complained , which is what you would not see .
picasso says , wait for you .
it &apos;s always going to be similar to them .
and in this position , if you laugh , you can see how important that lie is , how much time you need to know something about what artists are very good to us .
because artists have a tendencies compared to lying .
the artists are telling you something about , and especially this lady , what she doesn &apos;t see when they just look at them in the mirror .
the artists are sharing in a portrait of what you &apos;re going to be familiar with , which is just a lot of time you can see this artwork over time .
then , of course , this awkward feeling , it may not be very similar to you , and it &apos;s always going to be more similar to them .
here you have this mechanism that we can use to be a lie , a great invention to the climate system of our master &apos;s .
and not only in the art , in the middle of the mythology , in the mythology , in stories , in stories , it appear again .
you may know this idea of the lady that was looking at every morning and asked him who was the most beautiful in the country ?
one day , this mirrors , yes , is there &apos;s a beer .
behind the seven mountains , and so on .
and you know how much hostility in this true tells you , also the mirror cannot lie from that true mutual mutual corn .
but we should just be familiar with that , you know , you can &apos;t say that you can &apos;t say a little bit differently .
here &apos;s it necessary to put what we understand in the blink of the entire day , and again .
we need to have these point that are lying to us , no more that we can &apos;t still live .
we don &apos;t just have the art , in the world , in the science of the day , but also in science that &apos;s great lies in science .
and there &apos;s this story from the woman &apos;s head of elementary school .
she heard about this book by charles darwin , the emergence of the species and the descent of the people .
that the man should compensate from the apes , yes , at least a common ancestors would be between people and monkeys .
and then she ran her husband , and she ran her husband , but i think it &apos;s not true what charles there writes .
the human being should evolve or have a common ancestor .
no , no , no , it &apos;s not .
and if it &apos;s true , we have to prevent people all know about it .
why do we have to prevent people from something if it &apos;s true ?
because we can &apos;t live with these kinds of weapons .
because we &apos;re the self-deception , that feeling is great , recognizing from the highest creatures , not from such a kind of skeleton , as a organism , the other kind of being a mess , a rock comparable , and whatever it is for us .
so , we can &apos;t have these things .
we have to prevent people all know about things , especially if they &apos;re true .
so you can see the slowly mechanism , and the traces look , the traces that he &apos;s going to lead to something different than this great image of ourselves , i want to share with you another story .
it &apos;s a particularly beautiful story , as i &apos;m talking .
my wife told me .
she came from school , she &apos;s a teacher , and she told a student of a student .
a student &apos;s students .
she likes to do it especially because he &apos;s a slope of fiber .
and she asked him , what are your hobbies ?
and there he says , well , i &apos;m at the fire fire .
and because i &apos;m in the fire fire , i &apos;m interested in most of the things .
yeah , you feel it &apos;s in this place , you &apos;re not there .
i said , i &apos;ve said , i &apos;ve been told my wife , whenever a human being is used in a moral attempt , because we should try to replace it through the seti system .
do you know that one and then you experience the sentence .
although i &apos;m in the fire fire , i &apos;m interested in most of the things .
you feel that is the truth of telling you .
it &apos;s a little bit of a car that &apos;s not interested in the design .
they &apos;re interested in the car industry .
but there &apos;s no clubs , we can look around what we &apos;re looking at , where you learn how to do fire .
there &apos;s just the second second thing that the fire fire .
he &apos;s signed up .
and then , you know , he doesn &apos;t say that teacher would give up a fire somewhere and be willing to be able to get the fire after it .
no , it &apos;s just a lot better than we show that we &apos;re in charge of the dangers that are only able to do the other if they put fire .
here you have this little mechanism .
these were the main ones that the heart of the mind has known that he was actually related to the fire , but that he doesn &apos;t say loud .
here you have this notion between the unconscious and the conscious , right straight , without that you can do something about it , and the things that you know that you can see in a very different way , that you can make a lot better for them and others can sound .
so , you can also get these words that we have in the language of the political correct dependence again .
we actually know that something else is the case .
but we know if we say that , the social sector is very sensitive .
we can &apos;t just do that .
it &apos;s impossible that &apos;s impossible to give you some things that are going to work .
so i want to tell you what we &apos;ve found in my research .
what is logic that logic , those self-deception , the willingness , a different reality , as the one we actually know in the unconscious knowledge is that it &apos;s valid to spread outside .
this is what i want to do , maybe to give you three examples .
the first example is ahead of what many of you know and some of you may not have any idea at all .
i mean the soul .
what is the soul ?
the soul is such a mental force , says something stranger .
it &apos;s something that is not a stop surround , physical nature .
and if you have people who are able to have a stable belief , you know , you have a soul , or you can say , you know , the human soul has been given to the life , not from matter , it &apos;s just a little bit like the soul of the world , including , in fact , dead , yeah .
and from that soul , you think , somehow , in these distant nature , in this particular nature , it &apos;s called the latin kingdom , the math , your present , is your mind .
and if this happens to the people , then it &apos;s filled with the people , with the spirit , with nature , that can only live , yes with soul , with the spirit that can live , right ?
and then he can just get rid of it .
that &apos;s the idea of how the soul works .
so it &apos;s going to be coming from the outside to the people .
so we should be able to perceive what &apos;s necessarily going to be present for our lives .
and if you have these assumption in front of these manifestations , you understand the logic , we &apos;re going to understand the logic of a lie , to improve a lie in our world .
because now you can apply a beer .
you know , they &apos;re still familiar from school .
this is a high-speed behavior that describes a logic .
this is the most difficult part in my talk .
here you need something that is logic , but also the willingness to lie .
which is so lying in the way you can &apos;t apply these logic directly .
in this case , three sentences are coming in .
the first sentence is , &quot; hey , there &apos;s no soul .
so the second sentence is , if it &apos;s right , he &apos;s not going to have a soul .
now , there &apos;s a third sentence .
i was particularly stuck with him here .
the third set , which is immediately , is to have people who have a strong feeling for a soul .
they say who no soul has a person who is dead , and can &apos;t say anything .
and here you are feeling .
here &apos;s these logic in this , yes , in this particular puzzle talk , the expression of the expression .
you can see it immediately .
the first two phrases , they are logical correct .
i can say everything .
the logic doesn &apos;t tell you the reality about reality .
i can say the main thing is a man .
and if i &apos;m right , the most successful is a man .
if i don &apos;t have a right , the computer doesn &apos;t have a man .
the logic doesn &apos;t make a statement about what is true .
i can say everything .
but the key is , if i &apos;m right , then it &apos;s true .
so if there &apos;s a beer wall , there &apos;s no soul .
second , if he &apos;s right , he didn &apos;t have a soul .
these things are logical correct .
and now our main self is going to be aware of this , and it &apos;s going to be something .
it &apos;s a third set of people who have nothing to do with the first two sentences , and that &apos;s what it does is the opposite of the first sentence , and assuming it &apos;s been proven .
because we have to be able to prove if it &apos;s the soul or not .
but with that logic , it just uses that two sentences to make sense that there are two sentences correct , and a third of the main ones that looks like it , we can save our energy institutions .
so , we &apos;re doing it as if it &apos;s actually impossible to be able to live without a soul .
and we &apos;re very happy about it .
we can keep these things in different examples .
in the present , we have a very modern example of this , which is repeated the standard of filling .
this is another philosophical theme , a snapshot of philosophy , a car that hold your mind .
that has to do with it , we go back into the twentieth century .
there was a scholars who called johannes trips , and after that , the founding robert named mothers named after that .
the main disadvantage amongst priorities is one encore , pure nature .
it doesn &apos;t have the soul .
this is a little bit of a shoe skeleton .
and if you put that right in the middle between two of the same olympic vents , he &apos;s going to be able to do it .
because he doesn &apos;t know what radical is supposed to go first .
so he &apos;s in the middle .
that &apos;s what the main functions are introduced .
poor forces with chronic capacity to solve each other .
there &apos;s nothing happening at all .
only if you put another example , so if you put a verb bigger , it doesn &apos;t need any sense , it doesn &apos;t need any sense of sense and anything .
and he &apos;s going to work on the right thought .
so if you have this idea of nature , you kind of become driven by the larger pile of the pile , which is a little bit of the feeling that you have to attract a free will , you know , it &apos;s a kind of like that , you know , it has to give you a free will .
and if we &apos;re in the same way that we &apos;re in the same term , i remember the brain &apos;s brain research .
there &apos;s a scholars , which is called wolf extraction , and from him , you sometimes say , &quot; wolf &quot; is there no more rocket &apos;s worth of science .
now , we can put back the second sentence , and we can say , if the wolf has right , then he doesn &apos;t have any guns .
these phrases are absolutely logical and correct .
and what we can do is to read in the daily daily newspaper , that you find that in this third sentence .
it looks like this , which is not a single race , cannot be moved to its actions and claims to responsibility , and he &apos;s so forth .
again , you &apos;ve got it again .
you know , you &apos;ve got to understand if there &apos;s something like a hell of a book .
but the logic of deception allows us to do this as if the first set of the first set of the first ever wrong is wrong , and it would be the opposite of the opposite .
and now you can just do anything if you want to test anything , if you want to test anything , and especially if you want to make people happy to stop the courage .
do you practice for instance , if you &apos;re a person , you can tell you , there &apos;s no more technical .
and please don &apos;t use the german word for prostate cancer , which is called prophet prophet .
you don &apos;t want to call it , that would be a little bit of a political problem again .
say , there &apos;s no business whatsoever .
you &apos;ll be able to get one , for example , for you to have some of these kinds of books , you can &apos;t prove that .
and you have a problem .
because while they &apos;re busy trying to understand that they cannot prove that there &apos;s no more possible than that , the man is very happy .
he &apos;s very happy about it because he wrote them .
because he ran it up a red photograph , he didn &apos;t get him away .
because , in fact , this human being is not interested in evidence .
he &apos;s just interested in being able to understand themselves before the need to prove that there are no more safe ones .
so , in the way , in the way the integration of the accuracy is the brilliance .
and once again , once again , they have a way to feel like this one of the same problems in other people , they do it , because they &apos;ll make others happy if they don &apos;t remember it in this way .
thank you for your attention .
yeah , good day .
i allowed me to ask myself if i could mention them .
it &apos;s one of the main themes here here , and i asked myself if i wanted to give a talk here and give my idea to the idea .
i have to say , i &apos;ve got to say , you know , i was hard to talk about my idea .
and i may be able to imagine my favorite opportunity i &apos;m trying to imagine .
but it &apos;s the sum of all the things , very many ideas .
i &apos;m probably one of the nice girls there , i &apos;m probably one of the generation that &apos;s given this bad green image , because i &apos;ve started studying engineering engineering studies in science , and the science , i think , is what i think you have .
and i &apos;ve got it in the middle of the 80s after berlin , because i wanted to make renewables , and they didn &apos;t have it in the classroom .
there was the most popular wave of the world .
they were all the way that they were all the primary rights , also the u.s. was called a beer .
this is what &apos;s called a nowadays workforce .
because a good engineer has either built a fantastic car or a bust .
but this is a kind of like , the n restored , some of the watt coming out of a hundred watts of the square .
and in berlin there was a crazy story .
i &apos;m grateful to the grateful that he had a word again that he had to do the word again , because after the office , you couldn &apos;t use the word anymore , because everything left was bad .
but it wasn &apos;t that much in the years that it was not .
there was a way that there was a lot of time there , and one of them was sitting in front of a lot of them in the bathroom , where you name evil claims .
the point of the day , but this was called a ski guard and got wind and solar and it started to start the 80s .
and yeah , a lot of what i &apos;ve been saying is , i &apos;m very sure , because many , many beautiful expressions were that i &apos;ve lived through .
i worked in the collective work , the 11 years of the collective .
we were 20 people .
if one was saying no , it was a complete asset , and i have a long time to get my father &apos;s hard to do it , because all of my father &apos;s time , i have a hard job of doing the money , because all of my father &apos;s friends have been able to do it with your kid .
it &apos;s involved with lazy .
and that was really , very , very , very , very , very , very , sort of , in a sense , in the way that i &apos;ve been asked to stick a thousand years into a thousand , a thousand years ago , that was still the other way that i asked myself , is that the great thing to do .
and i did the last thing to do , and then we had to have a paraglider with friends , and then i became dads with friends , i &apos;ve become the taliban &apos;s largest plastic producer in the world , which was one of the largest squatter communities in the world .
but , of course , there &apos;s a problem with a growing company , but we &apos;ve got a little bit of the problem of a growing company , and we &apos;ve got a little bit of a group , we &apos;ve got to start back and go back and think about the next topic of a living company , and that means that , in fact , it &apos;s a little bit crazy .
and so i brought you to a project i &apos;ll imagine now .
and the title of the talk was , yes , as you go to a hundred percent renewable .
and we just started asking with a fairly recent story , where could you have a memory that you have today to do today .
on this island , this is the island of the island of the island .
yeah , that &apos;s the data .
there &apos;s a half thousand people living there .
now , there &apos;s 15 percent of the 15 percent of the 15 percent .
and the question is , why don &apos;t you have any more ?
it &apos;s simply not that technological .
when they &apos;re more supportive of each other , the system starts to fail .
i &apos;m also telling you that i &apos;m looking at the politicians when they see our facility .
they always say , why ?
we &apos;ve got 20 percent in germany .
it can &apos;t be a problem .
but not , we have seven percent of europe , and our net is the european .
if we had 20 percent , we would have the same problems that people have in this island , we would have the same problems that people have in this island .
the question was simple , has this been a lot of time , the first contacts , the first hand with the island , just to calculate .
so how big would be to be a battery that would be like this island to 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 , maybe even 70 percent renewable is going to get killed .
and yeah , i &apos;ll go back a slide again .
the conventional system looks like this .
by the way , a year , about hundreds of gigawatts , of the higgs forces , are covered in the world .
that &apos;s the power of a hundred nuclear power , because it &apos;s especially fast all over the place .
the world &apos;s military , that &apos;s being wiped off at compensate because you don &apos;t need permission .
it &apos;s going to be quick .
you put it in a box like this .
and then it looks like this .
and in that run , three of the world &apos;s military , two will always be waiting for .
yeah , so it &apos;s a huge one on the bottom .
we also have a very precise data .
and the federal economics or the solar system , whatever it is , is in the rule of a system system or a system , which can only be in small amounts of these .
our goal was to say it &apos;s okay .
the advent of compensate and the wind , sun use the burden so that it can map the wider percentage of the burden .
and if you want to go over 20 , 30 percent renewable energy , you don &apos;t want energy per year , you have to turn off the accessibility .
that means that , at the moment , they have to worry about the energy , so that renewables can take the whole network .
of course , you can only get it in some way , of course , in some way .
that &apos;s not what we &apos;ve done .
so , there &apos;s a little bit of style , so you can also use your car to serve a little bit of plastic on a little net .
people always ask me what do you find , actually , in a lot of time ?
that &apos;s already going to be .
but if you want to have multiple of these types of choices , and you want to build a net , it &apos;s going to be extremely complicated .
and our goal was to be , we wanted to cut 70 percent renewable than then , and then there &apos;s this rest , the last 10 , 20 percent renewable , which is going to be very , very expensive , and it won &apos;t work that way that it &apos;s the batteries .
that will be a hydrogen hydrogen industry , which is , hydrogen , methane , methane , power , methane , power , power , it will be then .
you have to go to a dive in a pop book and not just balance yourself .
we just wanted to know what is going on , which is a normal , dramatic battery battery battery .
how far do you get there ?
and then they did a whole bunch of simulation .
and then wind and sun and the burden on the results , and then came to the conclusion , a very exciting thing that you need to do across the conventional system that would take a middle of about 50 cents a pound about about 50 cents a pound about a pound of life .
these were the very first calculations six years ago .
and then we said , okay , okay .
it &apos;s great , then we have a business model .
we &apos;re cheaper than the average rate of five percent a year .
and then we started doing the negotiating system .
what would they have to do ?
have a handle on investors , i &apos;ve looked for new budgets .
we were only at the time five people to rebuild the society .
and here &apos;s the picture .
the brown system is the conventional system , the green is our system .
that our system also has a problem with a solar system , because we &apos;re at the age 20 percent , and we don &apos;t have a viewing net on other things .
and the standard of the u.s. , the ones that are the most popular in the island , that &apos;s what we find .
but we want to support , but we don &apos;t believe you can solve the technical problem .
and so we decided to build a hall in berlin where we actually sort of can see the electric part of the island in the island of the island to the three very simple .
so , we &apos;ve been looking for the same way to find the largest battery of the world .
here you are .
it &apos;s from asia , in the case of japan .
and it &apos;s been a early &apos; 70s in the &apos; 70s , and we &apos;ve been developed now , and then the japanese age was developed .
you can see it &apos;s a very , very much battery .
it has a megawatts of power , and it can bring six hours long to this performance , and that &apos;s the battery that we could figure out .
and then they set up .
we also have one of these same problems in the same size as he says , in the hall , in fact , that the entire dynamic sets of action from this web , so in the hall , it &apos;s the entire dynamic behavior of the web , so in the hall in section it &apos;s the same way that we simulate the net .
over here , we simulate the whole boundary of the wire , the petals of the wire to the web , to try to manifest the world &apos;s rights in the net .
and you can see this whole thing again .
we can also stack on two kilowatts of spiders on the net .
here we see this again , again , at the scale , again , again , the whole one , individual kilometers .
and what we &apos;ve done since was the dawn of the year since the last time , i was going to do everything that was going on between the single one of electronics , in software , to develop software , we &apos;ve made .
so we &apos;re not a fundamental leader , but we &apos;re redefining ourselves as a company that &apos;s just between the subject and the subject , and everything between .
you have to communicate to the battery , you have to communicate to the net , and that &apos;s very complicated .
the beautiful thing is , you know , in this island , you &apos;re basically going to have this whole thing to be able to do this , which is all the problems we &apos;re going to get when we &apos;re going to increase our percentage .
so this whole discussion , as is going back to the moment , is going to be going to be like a car for the second , for example , to 30 percent of the world &apos;s been going to be able to grow up the wind and the sun .
and then it gives birth to a lot of time .
so , a lot of the time , a whole bunch of sleep everywhere .
we can start to integrate the island in the island , and we can start to integrate the burden .
that means if you &apos;re renewable percent renewable , you won &apos;t make that without any storage .
you can get through the n of the n , yes , you can do the nets , yes , you should be in any case , the percentage of the world &apos;s military , but you can never get on memory completely .
and that &apos;s like &quot; n a little bit of the message .
and so many people come to see this , and look at this , because you can see what problems you get .
if we turn off at compensate , you didn &apos;t have these spinning mass that caused some inertia in the net .
and our engineering network of engineering is basically just taken out of louder components of electricity , where the wave over all over europe is being lost around europe .
we look at this web , see the 50 hertz , and when it gets 105 peaks , we &apos;ll start a few more excited , then a little bit of rid of steam steam , then we &apos;ll get a little bit of rid of it again .
that &apos;s the system .
and of course this is incredibly high .
if you go to this somewhere , it &apos;s a bit like it , for a while .
the electromagnetic reserves has at least 10 seconds to keep the net stable .
and at the time they can react again .
if you don &apos;t have that , this spinning mass , you have to replace it with your minimum and output .
and we can once have two milliseconds of them in this big battery .
and then you see what enormous amounts of antibiotics have been there .
and the message is , we have to get on this rotating mass of yield , if we sort of like our goals 20 , 20 , 20 percent , 20 percent , 30 percent , 30 percent , and so on , if we want to achieve that at all , we &apos;re going to get the same thing at all .
then we have to break down our wildest capacity on the net .
so it &apos;s simply called the power station with the air station .
yeah , that &apos;s a real time for a moment , from the federal sector , because we don &apos;t otherwise , or they &apos;re unaware of , or they &apos;re not going to .
and we &apos;re trying to just try to make sure that you can convert the capacity to the smallest capacity , by using the electrochemical storage industry , which can be held .
now , there &apos;s a whole bunch of studies that are now there .
and at that point , people are always coming and looking at our own capacity , sort of our main search of our own business .
and yes , the discussion is always about the question , how far can you go there a bit of the future .
and many discussions that i had been in the last six years , was similar to the discussion that i had been the theme of the last 30 years .
don &apos;t go , stand up , stand up , sit , you &apos;ve never got it .
we &apos;ve got 30 gigawatts today in germany .
this is a lot of diamonds .
and i just go out to the next 30 years that we have the same capacity for the next 30 years of increasing capacity in the world .
it &apos;s just that it &apos;s going to come .
there &apos;s a whole bunch of internet programs and arguments .
the beautiful thing is that i &apos;ve been in a way of seeing the last two years that scientists have been looking at my site .
we &apos;ve got over 10 million dollars now , and we &apos;ve got a lot of time to get the german net now .
this is going to be going to be in april of april .
so , of course , you can get there , there &apos;s a change there , and it &apos;s only about the viewer , right , the idea , a hundred percent renewable is true .
and if you have a hundred percent renewable , it &apos;s like a viable system .
so far , in discussions , they &apos;ve always tried to do this kind of stuff that &apos;s going to be like a own little net , which has a own little grid , which has nothing to do with our own energy program .
the question is , if you &apos;re completely independent from some fossil or solar emissions , anywhere in the world , will be going to be able to be able to be a island in the world and become a lot of them , you &apos;re an island .
then they just consume the thing of the sun and the wind there , where they live .
and that &apos;s a little bit of our vision of a finite supply of energy , and i &apos;m also grateful to argue that they &apos;ve said the sun is using the sun .
and that &apos;s what we do , and in the same way , the talk is also the talk of long-term scientists , that you can get to some collective may have a collective of the energy and the solar system , there &apos;s a little bit together .
and yeah , i want to encourage you to just be a little bit crazy , in the sense that you can be a little crazy and also a vision .
and you have to stay really tough on this , but i think it &apos;s going to be .
thank you .
as steve lopez , unlike steve lopez , the los angeles times was going to be los angeles , one day in los angeles , he heard a wonderful music .
she came from a man , an african-american , harsh , harsh ones , who had played on a violin that had only two strings .
many of you will know the story , because from an article about articles on it later , a book was later a book , with robert loren , and jo , as a nathaniel ghonim , named the waterfront , the very promising career was finished by his kenyan schizophrenia .
nathaniel left lawrence at an explosion , and 30 years later he lived as homeless and 30 years later he lived in los angeles &apos;s center of los angeles .
i &apos;m going to tell you all the way to read the book , or watch the movie , so you don &apos;t just understand the wonderful connectedness that helped these two men , but how the music that helped them make this connection , the prostate , kiki route from the street .
i met mr until the years in 2008 , two years ago , in walt disney , two years ago , walt disney was earth-like .
he had just been a performance from beethoven &apos;s first symphony and fourth symphony , and came out of the stage to imagine me .
he spoke in a very bart tour and swear note of god , hillary clinton on yo-yo ma and hillary and about the last year , the dodgers never had to create the baseball world series .
we came to speak of music . and a few days later i got an email that was lying on the street , i was interested in my interest in my interest .
i &apos;ve got to mention that nathaniel had been unable to trigger medical treatment because he was already with electricity and with email and handcuffed , an trauma that has been brought him up all his life .
and as a result , it &apos;s particularly susceptible to these hottest stages . they &apos;re sometimes so bad , and he &apos;s coming away days from the streets of arrested row , always that horror and the spirit of his own spirit .
and in the same way that the norden system was in the walt , when we started to start with the early schools in walt disney , the hall started to start completely lost in his eyes and worked completely .
he spoke about invisible rupees and smoke and it would be like somebody in sleeping .
i was scared , not me , but i was afraid i could lose him in one of his states , and i could be able to destroy his relationship to the violin , and i could be able to have the violin to be able to talk about scale and breadth and other exciting forms of computer science .
so i just started playing .
i played the first sentence of beethoven &apos;s prison &apos;s plastic .
and as i played , i fell in my mind that i was a total change .
it was like he was under the impact of a invisible drug , a chemical reaction whose catalyst was my game .
hence , anger , anger , transforming into understanding a quiet curiosity and grace .
and as a miracle , he took his violin , and i started to play a few notes from the ted conference , and then i asked them to play them : invade , sports , private stimulation , refugee photography , bankers .
we then started talking about music , starts by bach on beethoven , wearing them , rip , paint and all the other way to get out of the street from the street to the u.s .
and i realized that he wasn &apos;t just knowing a knowledge about music , but it was also a close personal relationship with it .
he spoke about her with a passion , and a understanding that i only had from my colleagues in the philharmonic philharmonic know .
he played music and talked about music , confused from this horrible , confused man , who was still on the streets from los angeles , a full-time staff , terrific , terrific , terrific , in the jewish trained players .
music is medicine . music changes us .
for nathaniel , music means music emotional health .
because the music allows him to do his thoughts and delusions with their imagination , and creativity , to be a real constant .
and he &apos;s so hardworking his brutally true .
i understood that this is the nature of art .
that &apos;s why we do music , so we do something that is in all of us , deep inside , our feelings , through our artistic lens , can form our feelings of reality through our understanding of the reality .
and the reality of that expression is all of us , and moving , inspired , and united us .
what crossing exchange , so that would put him back into a community of friends .
the most powerful force of music brought him back into a family of musicians who knew his talent and turning information into his material and data .
and i &apos;m always going to play paste to mount nathaniel , whether in the walt disney journal or in southern argentina , he reminds me of why i &apos;ve become a musician .
thank you .
bruno treasure : thank you very much . thank you .
robert gupta :
robert gupta : i want to play something that i stolen the ted card .
i hope you &apos;ll pardon me .
so , i know many fish in my life .
i just have two loved ones .
this first thing that was a passionate kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of a bit of an odd kind .
it was a beautiful fish , evocative , beautiful consistency , a flourished going on the menu .
what a fish .
even better , he was bred to be the highest highest standards of sustainability in the meantime .
so you could be feeling it in a way .
i had a relationship with this beauty for several months .
and one day , the head of the company called the minister of the company , would ask if i could give a case about sustainability &apos;s farm .
&quot; of course , i said .
here was a company who was trying to solve what this unimaginable problem has become for our chefs , how keep we going to put fish on our shelter ?
in the last 50 years , we have the sea network , and we &apos;ve been bare forests .
it &apos;s hard to get the destruction .
90 percent of the big fish that we love , the tuna , the boom , the messenger , the swordfish , the messenger , they &apos;ve collapsed .
there &apos;s almost nothing left .
so , you know , evil crashes , coastal design , one part of our future .
there are many arguments on it . there are a lot of things that are most of them , and they are inefficient , we &apos;re very inefficient , a big disadvantage .
he has a total school forum .
that means 15 pounds of oil are necessary to get a pound .
not very sustainable .
it doesn &apos;t taste very well .
so here &apos;s a company that was trying to do it right now .
i wanted to support them .
i called the doctor of the computer , i called the head of public labor for the company .
let &apos;s call it a don .
&quot; don &apos;t , &quot; i said , &quot; just to have the facts right , you &apos;re famous for that to be the same way outside the ocean that you don &apos;t have to be hacked . &quot;
&quot; that &apos;s true , &quot; he said , &quot; we &apos;re so far outside that the waste of our fish will not be distributed . &quot;
and then he added , &quot; we basically are a world .
this led to one , which he said .
&quot; the best in the business . &quot;
one thing to do is great .
&quot; coral , what do you do ? &quot;
&quot; sustainable proteins &quot; said it .
&quot; great , &quot; i said . i put on .
and that evening , i was in bed , and i thought , what the hell is a sustainable protein ?
so , i called a day , shortly before the event , don &apos;t .
i said , &quot; don &apos;t you have a sustainable proteins ? &quot;
he said he didn &apos;t know . he &apos;s going to take a wish .
well , i &apos;m a few people in the company , and no one could give me a proper answer to me until i finally get to the senior biologist biologists .
let &apos;s call it a don .
&quot; don &apos;t , i said , &quot; what for example is sustainable proteins ? &quot;
well , he mentioned some algae and some of the other tape , and then he said , &quot; well , he &apos;s going to be able to paint .
i said , &quot; huh ? &quot;
he said , &quot; yes , feathers , skin , remains , 1947 , dry and food . &quot;
i said , &quot; how much percent of your favorite work is chicken ? &quot;
in the assumption , perhaps two percent .
&quot; well , that &apos;s about 30 percent , &quot; he said .
i said , &quot; don &apos;t you know what &apos;s sustainable to feed fish ? &quot;
there was a long pause in the line , and he said , &quot; there &apos;s just too chicken on the world . &quot;
i &apos;m swimming from this fish .
no , not because i &apos;m a ph.d. designer and superstar electronics .
that &apos;s me .
no , i &apos;ve actually got a lot of these fish out of this fish because , i swear , god &apos;s god , the fish would get out to the chicken after that conversation .
this second fish , that &apos;s a different kind of love story .
it &apos;s the romantic type , the way you think of the way you know the better you learn , you know the fish that are more loves .
i used to eat him in a restaurant in southern america .
a recent journalist had spoken for a long time of this fish .
it &apos;s kind of a mess of us .
he came up with a bright , almost sharp white paint .
the chef had him fire .
wait twice .
amazingly , he was still delicious .
who can make a fish so cool after it was going to be a mess ?
i can &apos;t , but this guy can .
let &apos;s call it wherever it is . it &apos;s actually called joe .
and no , he &apos;s not a cooking chicken , and he &apos;s not a chef , at least in the way that you and i understand it .
he &apos;s a biologist la la la .
this is a sea trap in spain &apos;s lower corner of spain .
it &apos;s near the mouth of the river .
until the 1980s , the farm was in the hands of the u.k .
they grew up in the same wetlands , which was basically wetlands .
they did this by raising the land .
they built this complicated set of channels of channels , and they kept running water from the land and out in the river .
well , they couldn &apos;t make that that worked , not economic .
and it was the interior of a disaster .
it brought about 90 percent of the birds in the ground , which are a lot of birds .
and so in 1982 , in 1982 , they bought the country green .
what did they do ?
they have the flow of the water vice versa .
they literally messed up the lever .
instead of the water they used to use the channels to pull the water back again .
they &apos;re doing the channels .
they created a 11,000 acres of discarded -- folding , shrimp , shrimp , da acid -- and it &apos;s probably temporal destruction completely opposite the way it &apos;s completely vice versa .
the farm is incredible .
i mean , you &apos;ve never seen anything like this .
they stare out at the horizon , which is a million miles away , and all you see is horizontal channels , these density , green march .
i was not at a long time at a time with brevity .
he &apos;s an incredible guy , three parts charles , and a part of a crocodile kissing .
okay ? there we were and fought us through the wetlands , and i sweat , and sweat , broke bin knees , and brevity it in quiet and lies with a half of the time .
here he takes a rare fat microscope .
now , it &apos;s just about gross manufacturing .
and here , he sees a pattern of concentrate hitting the contaminated giraffe .
it turns out that probably probably the biggest part of his career in the national park has spent in africa .
i asked him how he got to this kind of a city pan .
he said , &quot; fish ? i don &apos;t know anything about fish .
i &apos;m an expert on relations .
and then he goes , in more respects of rare birds and algae and funny amounts of times .
and don &apos;t get me wrong , that was really fascinating , you know , the most popular community , in the way .
it &apos;s great , but i was in love .
and my head was weak over this predator &apos;s piece of delicious fish that i had on the bamboo field .
so i interrupted . i said , &quot; wait , how do you get that your fish so good ? &quot;
he showed up the algae .
&quot; i know , young , the algae , the phytoplankton , the relations , that is incredible .
but what do your fish eat ?
what &apos;s the main ?
well , he goes on to tell me that it &apos;s a wonderful system that the fish eat what they would eat in the wild .
the vegetable biomass , the phytoplankton , the rainfall , that is what the fish feeds .
the system is so healthy , it &apos;s completely scalable .
there &apos;s no food .
je from a farm is that the animals don &apos;t feed their animals ?
later , i went on to this site at a moment , and i asked him , i said , &quot; for a place that seems like this , &quot; how do you feel like this , &quot; how do you succeed ? &quot;
at the moment , it was like a director called a priest , and it would have planned to have a book called a book .
and we throw around the corner , and we offered the most incredible sight , thousands and thousands of pinker pinker of the way , a typical pinker carpet the way .
&quot; that &apos;s success , &quot; he said .
&quot; look your favorite sound . &quot;
they &apos;re going to be torn up . &quot;
yeah ? i was totally confused .
i said , &quot; wait , don &apos;t get your fish ? &quot;
&quot; yes , &quot; he said .
&quot; we lose 20 percent of our fish and south birds at the birds .
well , last year , over the site , 600,000 birds have been over this site .
it &apos;s now the biggest and one of the most important private companies in europe .
i said , &quot; wait , &quot; is a good job of not the last thing you want to have on a web program ? &quot;
he shook his head , no .
he said , &quot; we &apos;re building a lot of banking , not intense .
this is a symbolic network .
the marijuana eat the shrimp .
the shrimp eat the phytoplankton .
so the hell the hell the body the system was better . &quot;
okay , let &apos;s rethink this . a farm that doesn &apos;t feed their animals and a farm that &apos;s going to be successful at their success .
a diamond pack , but also a lot of a sudden .
oh , and by the way , this marijuana &apos;s not even there .
they breed up in a city 240 miles , where the average food is better for the average .
every morning , they fly 240 miles into a farm .
and every night , they fly 240 miles back .
they do that because they can follow the white white line of the highway bonds .
seriously .
i had introduced a kind of journey of penguins , so i looked at brevity .
i said , &quot; wait , fly down 240 miles to the farm , and then you fly down 240 miles at night ?
do you do that for the kids ? &quot;
he looked at me as if i was just quoted a song from whitney houston .
he said , &quot; no . you do that because the food is better . &quot;
i didn &apos;t mention the skin of my beloved fish , the delicious was , and i don &apos;t like it . i don &apos;t like it . i don &apos;t like it cream .
it &apos;s this kind of replicating , flavor taste .
i almost never cook with it .
and yet , when i tried to put her in this restaurant in a jungle , she didn &apos;t get them finished .
she liked sweet and pure as if you would take a bite from the ocean .
i mentioned this against probably worse and he &apos;s going to be reunited .
he said , &quot; the skin feels like a sponge .
it &apos;s the last against something , before something into the body .
it has evolved over the course of evolution to suck up down the servers . &quot;
and then he added , &quot; but our water has no water whatsoever . &quot;
okay . a farm that doesn &apos;t feed their fish , a farm that makes their success measure at success .
and then i realized , if he said a farm that was not a farm , he &apos;s enormous , because the water that &apos;s going to go through this farm from the river is flowing from the river stream .
it &apos;s a river that has all kinds of things that are still going to work on these things , which are also , you have more pollutants , from the types of mountains .
and if it fought through the system , and this leaves the water clean as it is a mess .
the system is so healthy , it cleans water .
so not just a farm that they don &apos;t feeding their animals , not just a farm that &apos;s a single asset at their success , but a farm that &apos;s literally a jet , not just for those fishes , but it &apos;s also for you and me .
because if the water is flowing , it &apos;s in the atlantic .
a drop in the ocean , i know , but i &apos;ll take it , and that &apos;s the story , because this story love , as romantic as it is , is also telling me .
you could say that you &apos;re a recipe for the future for the future , whether you talk about carbon or output .
what we need now is a radical new concept of agriculture , from one , in the food , really taste good .
but for many people , this is a little bit too radical .
we &apos;re not a meter ; we &apos;re killing . we are lover .
we love farmers . we love small food , we talk about regional food . we eat organic food .
and if you say that those are the things that are going to be the future , somebody &apos;s good food , and says , &quot; hey , i love the world &apos;s sake , but how are they going to feed the world ?
how are they going to feed the world ? &quot;
may i be honest ?
i don &apos;t like that question .
no , not because we &apos;re producing enough calories to feed the world more than just feeding the world more than just feeding the world .
a billion people are starving today .
one billion -- that &apos;s more than ever before -- because of disaster sector , not greenhouse distances , is not greenhouse gas emissions .
well , i don &apos;t like this question because they &apos;re the logic of our survival over the last 50 years .
so we &apos;re feeding crops , coastal water crops , chemicals on the earth , chicken on fish , and all the time they &apos;ve simply said , &quot; if we feed more people cheaper , how terrible could it be ? &quot;
that was the motivation . it was the easy place . it was the business business business .
we should call them what it is , a craft in tanzania , a craft that allows rapidly capital of the capital of the production of these production .
this is not a craft , and it &apos;s not agriculture .
our health systems are threatened by the lack of environmental intelligence , but because of the most endangered resources , it &apos;s because of the most endangered resources .
not by the latest fabric and the breadth of fertile land , it &apos;s not by pump , it &apos;s through fresh water , it &apos;s through forests , not by bullying and nets , but by the sea of the sea .
they want to feed the world ?
so let &apos;s start with the question : how are we going to feed ourselves ?
or better , how do we create conditions that empower each community to feed themselves ?
to do that , don &apos;t look at the future for the future .
it &apos;s really old , and it &apos;s done .
capital , chemistry and machines are standing in it , and it never has a really good good for food .
instead , let &apos;s look at the environmental model .
this is that that &apos;s going to take place to two billion years of expertise .
look at probably probably farmers like spoiled yeah .
businesses that are not the worlds of being able to do things that are effective , and businesses that are growing more than a lot of , farmers , who are not only allowed to perform , but experts for relations with it , but experts who are not only allowed themselves to perform experts for relations .
because they are those who are also experts in taste .
and if i &apos;m really honest , you &apos;re a better chef than i will ever be .
you know , that &apos;s right , because if that &apos;s the future good food is going to be delicious .
thank you .
if i want to share one thing today , it &apos;s that the sum of the data we consume is greater than the sum of the parts , and instead of thinking about the way that you can think about how we can use information that we can use information that would be able to be visible , and we can see these trends not quite visible .
so , what we &apos;re seeing here is a typical row of age .
the program i use here is a little experiment .
it &apos;s called the magic , and what i can do with a certain cause of death is that i can filter accidents .
and i &apos;ll see a different pattern that makes it up .
and that &apos;s because in the middle of the world , people are at the most active , and they &apos;re over here at the bottom of the day .
we can go out and go out and see the data then and see that the data and cancer are the usual suspects , but not for anyone .
now , if we went on , and at age age , we &apos;ll say 40 years or younger times , we see accidents that are even more fundamental about people who should make people worry about it .
and who &apos;s actually true , that &apos;s true in men .
so you can see that the experience of information and data is really reminded in the way that we look at it in a very living manner .
and if we can do this for raw data , why not do content for content itself ?
what we &apos;re now here is the most popular one , sports burial suit , which had ever been printed .
it &apos;s all right . it &apos;s all online .
you can just test it to my talk in your suite .
with a minimum of flies , they can dive into a decade .
they can dive into a particular year .
you can jump directly to a specific issue .
so if i look at the athlete i see the athletes that appear in this bug and the sports .
i &apos;m a swedish lover , so i click here to make my investment , which backs lance armstrong in my mind .
now , if i just want to get a joke , i could think , &quot; ok , what if i look at everything you &apos;re looking at with the subject ? &quot;
so i go back to a step and a second point .
now , i see greg scenarios .
and so you get an idea that if you searched on this kind of information , more specifically , wider , zoom , you don &apos;t care , you don &apos;t just know how to browse .
you do something that &apos;s actually a little bit different .
it &apos;s something between , and we think it changes the way that information can be used .
so i want to do this idea a little bit about what &apos;s a bit crazy .
what we &apos;ve done here is we &apos;ve taken every single one of them , and it &apos;s reduced to a little summary .
so , the summary is a brief accept and a symbol of the region you get .
i just show the top 500 of the popular students .
but even in that limited view , we can do a lot of things .
so we &apos;ll get a sense of the topics that are popular on wikipedia .
i &apos;m going to choose the issue of government .
now , after i chose government , i realize that the u.s. is the most popular time in the most complete time magazine of the people of the year .
this is really important , because this is an insight that doesn &apos;t have a single one .
it &apos;s just to recognize that if you go back and look at it .
... recently , on a certain of this summaries , i can go in the subject magazine of the year magazine , and everybody together .
so if i look at all these people i &apos;m seeing , i &apos;m that the majority of the world &apos;s been being rejected . some of them come from science . some of them are getting out of the economy . here &apos;s my boss , and one of the time comes from the street .
and interestingly , bono &apos;s also a ted prize winner .
so we can jump now and look at all ted &apos;s prize .
you can see , we &apos;re browsing the web for the first time , not just from page , not just from page , but much more abstract .
and so i want to show you what a little bit of a surprise might be .
i &apos;m just going to show you just the new york times .
so , i don &apos;t want to call it a browser ; it &apos;s really not a browser , but you can see websites with all the single website , and we can take the websites to every single website like this .
so i can go back to a step , and just jump into a specific scale unit .
that &apos;s why you &apos;re important , because you just look at the websites in this way , and the way that you can see is the whole way of looking at the same way .
so i can zoom in in my way a spot time .
here &apos;s the one of the whole demonstration of the whole demonstration i &apos;ve given .
and i can sort of have anything i looked at today , again .
and if i go back to a step of the day , i can reinvent my course , maybe i can reinvent my course , maybe to be a mile , or here , for a matter of 1993 , here &apos;s a little bit of a game called a headline .
and from here i can go to the page and to go back to it .
it &apos;s a metaphor that &apos;s used over again , and every time it makes the big big picture , it &apos;s the sum of the time .
right now , in the world , we think that data is a curse .
we &apos;re talking about the curse of the book .
we &apos;re talking from drowning in information .
what if we could turn that situation and put the internet on the head so that we can always go from one to a different , many things to do , and see how otherwise they would remain outside ?
if we can do this , then these would be going to be the past day , maybe a new source of sense information .
and , instead of moving just to information , we can get knowledge of it .
and if we know , we may even be able to pull out wisdom .
so i hear that , thank you very much .
i grew up with a creative part of science fiction .
i went to school at the bus to school every day , to a day a day .
and my nose was always in a book , a book that my thoughts were and kidnapped , and in a way my way my thoughts were , guilty curiosity , tech .
this curiosity showed itself that i &apos;m not in school , through the forests , traveled and covered , and they collected out , frogs and snakes and bugs and tubes , all of them brought home and looked under the microscope .
i was totally busy , you know .
it was always about trying to understand the world and the boundaries of the potential exploration .
and my love to science fiction was to reflect in my environment , because at the late &apos; 60s , we were flying to the moon and were exploring the deep sea .
jacques cousteau came into my living shows with his fascinating shows that we had never imagined animals and places and a world of wonders that we never had before .
well , that &apos;s really good at the same time .
and i was an artist .
i could draw . i could paint .
and there &apos;s no video games that had painted these kinds of photos with branches of painting all the imagery , i had to create the images in my head .
we all had to do that at the time . if we read a book , we took the description of the author and the projected to the screen in our heads .
my response to this was the drawing and painting of aliens , aliens worlds , robots , sediment , and all of this stuff .
in math math classes , i was constantly blown away by teachers , which i &apos;m hiding in the front textbook .
creativity had to be kind of out .
and what happened was something interesting . what i was fascinated with is jacques cousteau &apos;s idea , which was a very unknown world on our earth itself .
i would never be able to achieve a space of a aliens world . that seemed pretty unlikely to me .
but here was a world that i could actually come up with , and it was as fascinating as the same and exotic as all of what i &apos;ve been imagined when i had been reading these books .
so i decided to be able to get a diver to be diver .
the only problem that was in a small village in canada lived a thousand miles from the next ocean .
i didn &apos;t let me frustrated that .
i &apos;m going to find my father until he finally had a ph.d. class in buffalo , new york , new york , found out on the other side of the border , where we lived .
i made my favorite school trip in a pool of the winter in buffalo , new york .
but the ocean , but the ocean , i just got two years later to face the face , when we moved to california .
since the 40 years , the last 40 years , i spent about 10,000 hours of water now , i spent 500 hours of this into submersibles .
and i &apos;ve learned that the world of the deep ocean , even in the most primitive oceans , is so rich in life , as rich as we can really imagine .
nature doesn &apos;t know any boundaries , unlike our own , more than our own , human imagination .
and for the days , i feel deepest awe for what i see in my dives .
and my love of the ocean is holding the same intensity as the ever intensity .
when i was a fellow , it was the filmmaking filmmaking .
that seemed the best way to tell me , my inner urge to tell stories about my need to create images .
as a child , i drew comic books all the time and this .
so films were the way to bring pictures and stories , that fit together .
of course the stories i noticed was from the counter : &quot; iowa &quot; , &quot; the aliens &quot; come , &quot; and &quot; windmill . &quot;
in &quot; cliff &quot; i could have my waiting for myself to connect to the filmmaking .
so , in the same sense , my two passions .
something interesting happened in &quot; cliff &quot; : to solve a problem in this movie , and we had to create a kind of liquid carbon dioxide , we picked up on computer-generated animation , and we started looking back at a computer-generated animation , leather , back .
so what came out was the first childhood ever had to be seen in a movie .
and the movie didn &apos;t get a money , which was actually , in fact , he played the costs , but i realized something fascinating : the audience around the world was stunned by the magic , which was just assumed .
that &apos;s arthur clarke know , &quot; we &apos;re familiar with the laws of science technology and magic .
so you looked at something magic .
and i found that i was incredibly exciting .
and i thought , &quot; wow , that has to be used in the classroom . &quot;
so we went in &quot; greg 2 &quot; , my next movie , even much more .
together with multiple trepidation , we created there , the guy made out of liquid metal . the success was really about how this effect would come .
and it worked . again , we created something magic , and the effect in the audience was the same , but we have a little bit of money on the movie .
from these two experiences , one new world is reached a whole new world of creativity for sustainability .
so , i started a company with my good friend stan winston , who was at the time of the best day and industrial fever , who was called &quot; digital housewives . &quot;
and the idea of this company was the phase way to skip creative processes with visual printers , etc . , and start to start with digital science .
and we did it , and then they gave us a competitive advantage for a while .
but in the middle of the 1990s , we discovered that we were in the national sector and we were building the company , which we actually created , too slowly .
i had written this piece of &quot; avatar , &quot; which the measuring system would be able to be in things of visual effects and the effects effects in the whole new heights , expressive characters , expressive characters , who were made by the educational system .
but the bar actually , it gets nice back , and the people in my company told me that we &apos;re not able to make it a lot of it .
so , i shifted this , and made this other movie about the big ship , the end .
i &apos;ve sold this when &quot; romeo and juliet is sold on a ship , a keen film . it became a keen film .
but i was actually trying to continue to make the real train on the titanic .
that &apos;s why i made the movie .
that &apos;s the truth . the studio didn &apos;t know that .
i &apos;ve convinced you , i &apos;m up to the train , we go up to the real train . we shoot the real train .
we &apos;re going to show it in the design of the movie .
it &apos;s incredibly important . it &apos;s a good job of marketing . &quot;
and i persuaded them to fund an expedition .
sounds crazy . but it goes back to that point that your imagination can make a reality .
and what we did actually was , in fact , six months later , i found a reality where i was in a russian building on a russian highway , four miles under the surface of the atlantic , and i looked at the real titanic of the atlantic .
it wasn &apos;t a movie , no nice , that was real .
so , that blew my mind .
and the way to do it was enormously , we had to put cameras and headlights and whole things .
and i fell up with how much these twin communities , a lot of times , was like a lot of time .
well , they were also able to do more sophisticated and more sophisticated planning planning .
you go into these teams , and then you go down into this dark , warm environment , where no hope is to be saved by saving , if you don &apos;t get it back .
and i thought , &quot; wow , that &apos;s the same way that i was in a business .
that &apos;s really cool . &quot;
i was really obsessed with exploring the deep sea .
anyway , anyway , that &apos;s what &apos;s done with curiosity and science . it was all . it was a lot . it was a lot of imagination .
and it was a experience that could not give me hollywood .
because , you know , i could imagine a creature that could then shape a visual effect , but i couldn &apos;t imagine what i would see outside the window .
i &apos;ve seen some of the following expeditions in the past , and i &apos;ve seen things that i &apos;ve never seen before , sometimes things that i &apos;ve seen , even though the science had seen , even no other thing had seen , and the science at the time , when we saw them , even no words had found .
so that &apos;s really what i got really excited about , and i wanted to get more .
and so i met a little bit of an unusual decision .
after the success of the titanic , i said , &quot; okay , i want to put my favorite school as a filmmaker in hollywood to put it in hollywood and for a while . &quot;
and then we started , we showed up the &quot; s &quot; s , and we were exploring them with a lot of time .
we went back to the train of the titanic .
we took little robots that we built , which we built , the most primitive movement .
our intent was to see the inside of the ship , which was never been done before .
no one had ever explored the inside of the field of the original , you &apos;ve had no means for this . so we evolved the whole technology .
so , i &apos;m sitting here on the deck of the titanic , in a sense of the titanic , and i see the same kind of skeleton that i know that once the band has played it , and i know that once the band has played there .
and i fly with a little bit of a little bit of a ship by the ship .
i serve it , actually , but my consciousness is in the vehicle .
it felt like i was physically physically living in the world the titanic .
this was the most potent form of a single skeleton that i &apos;ve ever experienced , because before i got a break , i knew what was going on in the front of the vehicle , since i was going to put months in the movie , i &apos;ve gone through months of movie when we were doing the movie .
the set was a precise copy of the dmca to the ship .
so that was a very strange experience .
and she made this decision that you know that you use such a price of plastic processing systems and such a sense of consciousness in the vehicle , in this other form of existence .
it was really immensely profound .
and maybe a little bit of a view of what might happen in a couple decades if you have a lot of time to explore something or other things , in all kinds of possibilities that i can imagine as a dreamer .
after these expeditions , we started to start doing what we &apos;ve seen down there , really appreciate how we saw these incredibly amazing animals , and these are sort of alien , but this is on earth .
they live with loose orientation .
they don &apos;t exist in a sunlight management system , how we do it .
and so you see animals that are going to be down to a 500 degrees centigrade , that they can survive there .
i was also interested in the same time that i was very interested in the process of childhood , which was back in my childhood &apos;s life .
and so i ended up with the people who care for space and to do the other time and they &apos;re sitting in the middle of the world and they &apos;re going to be able to do the international performance , go through the mission of the telecommunications industry and the whole thing , and then you can go through the international performance and take our energy lab .
that was fascinating .
but at the end of the day , i was going to put myself in the deep sea .
i took them with and they put them together in the world , and they &apos;re down to the world , they were interested , and i took them to the sources of these extreme situations , and i took them out to the sources of the resources and they could be able to test them and test instruments and so on .
we were doing documentaries , but in fact , in science , in particular , to be able to be more precise .
so the circle between my existence as a child , at the time , and the implementation of reality .
and in the course of that voyage , i &apos;ve learned a lot .
i &apos;ve learned a lot about science , but i &apos;m sure you can still have a director of science , a leader like a mine or something like a bribe or so .
i don &apos;t understand a lot of leadership before i have these expeditions .
because at a certain point , i had to say , &quot; what do i do here ?
why do i do this ? what is it ? &quot;
these stupid films don &apos;t bring us a money .
we &apos;re going to play the cost of the cost , of fame .
everybody thinks i was between &quot; titanic &quot; and &quot; avatar , &quot; and i would have a little nails on a towel on a towel on the beach .
i &apos;ve all made these films , those documentaries , for a very small audience .
no fame , no credit , no money , what do you do ?
you &apos;re doing it for the task , for the challenge , and the ocean is the most primitive environment that &apos;s there . you make it because of the kind of funny connection , and because of the weird connection , that &apos;s what happens when a small group of people form a team .
because we &apos;ve done all this with only 10 to 12 people who worked on the years on the years , and sometimes we were two to three months in the sea .
and in this community , you can see that the most important thing is that the most important thing you have to do is be aware of each other &apos;s task .
when you go back to land , and you say , &quot; we had to do it , the spaghetti sauce , the mode of the world , the whole technology , the problem , the ability to do the human performance , if you &apos;re working on sea , you can &apos;t explain the other way . that &apos;s like policemen or soldiers .
there &apos;s a connection , a mutually respect .
so when i came back to my next movie , &quot; avatar , &quot; i would apply the same leadership leadership , which is that you &apos;re respected , in return to that respect .
it was really changing the dynamics .
so i was going to have a little team on the molecular terrain . we were called &quot; avatar , &quot; with a new technology that has not been there before .
very exciting .
it &apos;s an enormous challenge .
and we were going to have been a very four years to a time .
and it changed my way to make films , completely .
there were people who thought we would have worked really well on the planet , and there &apos;s pandora &apos;s cards .
i was more like a balanced way of doing my job , which is the actual process that has changed in the outcome .
so what can we close from all this ?
what lessons have we learned ?
i think first of all , the curiosity is curiosity .
it &apos;s the most powerful human property .
our imagination is a force that can actually create a reality .
and the happiness of your team is more important than all the world &apos;s health .
to me , i &apos;ll come to a young filmmaker who said , &quot; give me an advice like that . &quot;
and i say , &quot; don &apos;t you care yourself . &quot;
you &apos;ll get some other . don &apos;t do it yourself , bet not on itself , but take risks on you . &quot;
nasa has a formula for a million : no failure . &quot;
but in the art , and in the process , it has to be an alternative , because there &apos;s a whole thing that does it guarantee .
no important effort , the innovation asked , was ever considered without risk .
you have to be ready to take those risks .
that &apos;s the idea that i &apos;d like to give you a way to give you a way of doing it . failure is not a alternative , but you know . thank you .
today i &apos;m talking to you about energy and climate .
and that might surprise that , because my favorite school project is mainly about vaccines and seeds to be around the things that we have to invent and deliver the poorest two billion dollars a better life .
but energy and climate are extremely important for these people , actually , more important than anyone else on the planet .
what matters is that their health systems are not growing over many years , and we don &apos;t rain too much or too little rain . things will change how it can &apos;t be their fragile environment .
this leads to the task . it leads to uncertainty . it leads to riots .
so , you can get a climate change , you know .
it &apos;s also a matter of the brain for you .
the fact is , if you could just reduce the price of the price , the energy would be far from far the most effective .
now , the average rate is like the time .
in fact , the u.s. is based on the ground .
the internet industry , the industrial revolution , and even in the 20th century , there was a rapid decline in the car industry , and so we have refrigerators , warming , we can make modern materials and so many things .
so we &apos;re in a wonderful situation with electricity in the rich world .
but if we reduce the price -- let &apos;s cut the price of cut -- we &apos;ll put on a new barrier , and that barrier is flowing with co2 .
co2 heats up the planet and the equation of co2 , is actually quite clear .
they add the carbon dioxide , which is the driving carbon dioxide , and these programs have some very negative implications -- effects on the weather and perhaps worse , but the indirect set that the natural ecosystems can &apos;t adapt and so on the whole .
now , the exact correlation between a grid and the net model , and where they &apos;re going to be there , there are some questions , but not very many .
and there &apos;s certain ambiguity about how bad these are going to be , but they &apos;re getting extremely bad !
i &apos;ve asked the ted times over several times , &quot; we have to really go down to zero zero ?
aren &apos;t half the way up to half or a quarter ? &quot;
the answer is to go to zero , to go up to the temperature .
so it &apos;s a big challenge .
it &apos;s very different than saying , we have a 3.5 foot of the trucks that have to come up with a three feet , and you can actually put under it in the way .
this one has to go down to zero .
well , we run a lot of plastic shops every year , over 26 billion tons of tons .
each of americans are about 20 tons , people from poor countries , less than one .
it &apos;s about five tons of energy on the planet .
and somehow , we have to change change that gets down to zero .
it &apos;s been up to it .
just different economic changes have changed at all , and we need to go from risk to decrease and reduce the risk of energy .
this equation has four factors . a little multiplication , you have this thing on the left -- co2 -- that you can get to zero , and that will depend on the number of people , the average energy for every service and the co2 that &apos;s a unit of energy .
so let &apos;s look at each other factor , and we &apos;ll think , how do we get that to zero .
probably one of these numbers must come up with a lot of the time .
now , this is kind of basic algebra , but let &apos;s go through it .
first of all , we have the population .
today &apos;s lives are around billions .
and it starts to go to nine billion of the population that &apos;s going to be on nine billion .
if we &apos;re very successful with new vaccines , the average ones , we could be able to reduce 10 percent to 15 percent , but at the time we &apos;re seeing a slope about 1.3 .
the second factor is the services we use .
it &apos;s all that we eat , clothes , clothing , television , heat .
these are very good things and knowledge means that they make all of the services to make it available .
it &apos;s great that this number is going up .
in the rich world , we could probably have the coup and less use , but on average , that number will rise up every year and double the total , but the average one will be provided that number and more than double the services that we have to be provided .
here &apos;s a very basic service . there &apos;s it at home , so you can read the homework ?
and these students don &apos;t have it , so they go out and read their water under the bottom of the day .
now , by efficiency , the e , the energy , the energy , is finally good news .
we have something that doesn &apos;t go up .
because of different successes in the middle , by other people , in a new fashion , there &apos;s a lot of services that have a single amount of services , there &apos;s many services that are dependent on the energy of some individual percent .
in other services , like the manufacture of the foundation , 40 a.m. : sidewalk -- <unk> -- &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; d &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ;
in total , if we &apos;re optimistic , we may get a reduction in three or maybe even a factor of six .
but in the first three factors , we are now down by 26 billion tons of tons , and it &apos;s just not enough to get out of it .
so let &apos;s see the fourth factor -- and this is going to be a key -- that &apos;s the amount of co2 that &apos;s going to be a unit of energy .
it turns out to be the question of zero .
if you burn charcoal . no .
if they burn natural gas , no .
almost every single time , for current nowadays , it &apos;s co2 , except renewables and output .
so , what we need to do on a global scale is to create a new system .
we need a lot of time .
if i use the term &quot; miracle , &quot; i don &apos;t mean the impossible .
your microprocessor is a miracle . the pc is a miracle .
the internet and the services , is a miracle .
people have contributed to the evolution of a lot of these wonders .
so normally , there &apos;s no deadline for being a miracle to a certain date .
you &apos;re usually just going to be wrong , and some people don &apos;t get it .
but in this case , we have to give up a lot of time and a miracle in very short time .
well , i asked myself , how do i actually get this out ?
is it a natural illustration , a demonstration that the idea of humans here are sustaining ?
i remembered the last year when i got mosquitoes , and somehow people liked it .
the idea was to really visualize the idea of the fact that there are people who live with mosquitoes .
i would just hit this .
i decided that that would be burning by fireflies my own self would be here .
so here &apos;s some natural fireflies .
i told you that you don &apos;t bite . you don &apos;t get to leave the glass .
well , there &apos;s all kinds of things like this , but they all don &apos;t get much .
we need solutions , either one or several that have an unpredictable scale and unpredictable equipment , and although there are many directions where people are looking for people , i really see five who can afford these major demands .
i have left , let &apos;s leave fusion , solar , fusion and biofuels .
and that may have a neutral contribution , and if you expect better , that would be great , but my statement is that we have to work on all those five work , and we can &apos;t give them a few of them because they &apos;re being scary , because they &apos;re all got significant problems .
let &apos;s first look at that , let &apos;s get fossil fuels from either coal or natural gas .
what you have to do there seems to be simple , but it &apos;s not . you have to do all the co2 that &apos;s coming out of the burn tube , capture under pressure and then hoping it &apos;s there .
there &apos;s some planes that can create that at a 60 percent -- 80 percent of the level , but it &apos;s going to be a lot of difficult , and a mix of the problem is that the biggest problem here is the main problem .
who gets it ?
who can guarantee something , which literally many billion times greater than any kind of waste that you can imagine from yourself and other things ?
this is a volume of volume .
so that &apos;s a tough problem .
next : june , yeah .
they have three big problems , the cost , especially in the countries , in the most effective countries , the question of security , is that you really feel that nothing can go wrong , despite the human engagement that the fuel is not used for the guns .
and what do you do with the waste ?
because , although it &apos;s not very big , there &apos;s a lot of concerns .
so three very difficult problems that might be solved , and that &apos;s where you should work .
i &apos;ve summarized the last three of the five .
they &apos;re the renewables of the energy as they &apos;re a lot of the known .
and also , although it &apos;s great , you have no fuel -- you have some drawbacks .
one is the energy density that these technologies are increasing dramatically than the electricity is of electricity .
these are a lot of times , you &apos;re talking about many more sophisticated , times more tangible than a normal power station .
also , these sources of cogs .
the sun doesn &apos;t seem all day , it doesn &apos;t seem a day , and it doesn &apos;t seem the wind always won &apos;t be constantly .
so , if you depend on these sources , you have a way that you have a way , your energy , even if you don &apos;t have to be available .
so there &apos;s a big amount of internet there . there &apos;s challenges in transmission . if we say , for example , the energy source is outside the country , it &apos;s not just the technology , you have to deal with the risk of life .
and there &apos;s the same thing .
and to show the dimension , i &apos;ve all been the kinds of batteries that are produced , and the cars , the computers , the mobile phones , the books , and i found that all the batteries that we could do , and i found out that all the batteries we could do , less than 10 minutes of the vaccine .
so we need a big breakthrough , something that will be 100 better better than the approaches to time .
it &apos;s not impossible , but it &apos;s not that easy .
that &apos;s what happens when you try to get these kinds of sources of data about 20 percent of the rest of the benefit .
if you want to support 100 percent of them , you need an incredible amount of energy .
now , where do we go , what is the right approach ?
a manhattan project , how do we get to the destination ?
what we need is a lot of companies that are working on this .
in each of those five areas , we need to have at least 100 people .
and you &apos;ll say , you know , you &apos;re crazy . that &apos;s good .
i think there &apos;s a lot of people in the ted group , there &apos;s a lot of them being engaged in there .
bill big has several companies , including one called the grand vaccine , which has great health science .
spending spending a lot of companies invested in dozens of companies doing amazing things and interesting opportunities and i try to support this .
nathan myhrvold and i would pay a company , which , maybe , was a bit of a complete approach .
there &apos;s some innovation in the world &apos;s health systems , modular , liquid .
so the evolution of the industry has stopped at a time , so it &apos;s not a great surprise that some good concepts are lying around .
the core system means that instead of a part of the car that &apos;s one percent , the one percent , we decided to burn the 99 percent of the 99 .
this is a pretty insane idea .
but in fact , you &apos;ve been thinking about it long , but you could never simulate a sensible simulate , if it &apos;s going to work , but then there &apos;s modern supercomputers and there &apos;s now that it &apos;s right .
and because of that , you burn this 99 percent , the most expensive thing is that it &apos;s much better .
in fact , you burn the waste , and you can actually use the waste of today as a pharmaceutical industry .
instead of breaking your head , you &apos;ll just burn it . a great thing .
the uranium is going to be incremental , a little bit like a candle .
you can see that it &apos;s a kind of column , often as &quot; the census of reactor . &quot;
this solves the answer .
here &apos;s a picture of a place in kentucky .
this is the waste , the 99 percent , you &apos;ve got the part that &apos;s burned today , so it &apos;s called a terrible uranium .
the shoots of the u.s. for hundreds of years .
and if you &apos;re cheap and easy , you get enough fuel for the rest of the planet .
you know , there &apos;s a lot of challenges , but it &apos;s an example of many of the concepts that we need to do to get forward .
let &apos;s think about how we measure our success .
what should our testimony look like ?
well , let &apos;s go to the goal we need to achieve , and then we talk about the national sector .
many are talking about one 80 percent by 2050 .
it &apos;s really important that we get there .
the rest of 20 percent will be produced in the poor countries , and still , more agriculture , hopefully , to be clean and closer to that .
so to reach those 80 percent , the countries , including china , the countries like china , their own change completely .
the other grade says whether we &apos;re using the most efficient technology , whether they &apos;re used in all developed countries , and we &apos;re on the way to get them to the rest .
that &apos;s great .
this is a key feature of this technique .
if we go back there , what would the 2020 be like ?
it should be the two elements .
we should use the federal capacity to get a reduction in the way , the less we are going to be the more efficient , the less the temperature will be the longer that &apos;s going to be the temperature and the temperature .
but actually , this grade for the things we &apos;re doing , which is not entirely the big sector , just the same , or even less important than the other ones that are the speed of innovation for these breakthroughs .
these breakthroughs , we need to follow the problems with the problems , and we can measure that , in terms of energy , in science and engineering .
there are many great books on this subject .
the al gore book , &quot; we have the choice , &quot; and david runs zero energy than the hot air . &quot;
they &apos;re really going to do it through and create a frame that can be solved in this wide broad way , because we need to support all of the pages .
there &apos;s a lot of that coming together .
that &apos;s a wish .
a very innocent wish is that we invent this technology .
if you just give me a wish for the next 50 years , i could choose the president , a vaccine , and i would say , or i could choose that wish , which is , you know , no doubt , that &apos;s the desire , which is a lot of co2 , i would take you to the wish .
this has the largest impact .
if we don &apos;t get that wish , the digging between the long-term and the long-term people are terrible , in the long-term , people and china , between the poor and the rich , and almost all of the life of these two billion are going to be much worse .
so what do we need to do ?
what do i do ?
we need to use for more research research .
if countries are able to meet in places like this , they shouldn &apos;t just talk about co2 .
you should talk about these kinds of books , and they would be shocked by the ridiculous amount of money that &apos;s been spent for these innovative approaches .
we need carbon dioxide , chewing carbon amp ; trade is something that creates a robot .
we need to spread the news .
we need to lead dialogue and full lead , and also the things that are going to be done by government government .
it &apos;s a major desire , but i think we can fulfill it .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you . thank you .
thank you very much . just to understand something better -- you can give us an idea of scale of these investment ?
bill gates : to do the simulation on a supercomputer , all the big scientists , what we &apos;ve done is we need a few 10 million , and even if we tested our materials in a russian reactor to make sure that it works properly , you &apos;re only in the tens of millions of millions .
the hard step is to build the first time at the same time , and to find another billion , the world &apos;s disease and the place that actually builds the first one .
once the first thing is done , if it &apos;s promised , it &apos;s all very clear , because the energy is really different , because the energy energy is so different as we know it .
to understand this right : to build it deep in the ground , almost like a vertical column , and then the process starts to go up and work on the ground , and then moving up , and then move down to the bottom ?
sb : right . now you have to have to put the reactor always into new units , so there &apos;s a lot of people and lots of checks that can go wrong . this thing where you can open it and make things up . it &apos;s not good !
but if you have a very cheap fuel , you can think of it for 60 years -- think of a column -- you bury the entire complexities .
and it &apos;s sitting there , it &apos;s going to be like 60 years , and then it &apos;s done .
so a nuclear reactor that gives even a solution to the waste .
je : yeah . now what happens to the waste : you can sit it in -- there &apos;s a lot less waste with this technique -- then take it , and put it in the next reactor , and burning it in the next reactor , and burning it .
and we &apos;re starting to take the waste that exists in these areas that have already been in these same reactors or carbon dioxide in the reactors . that &apos;s our main business .
so , what &apos;s a problem for these reactors is that what we put in our fill and it will reduce the growth rate dramatically during the process .
but while you &apos;ve talked to different people in the world , you &apos;ve been talking about these kinds of possibilities .
where is the biggest interest in what really do you do ?
fast-forward : we haven &apos;t picked up a place , and there &apos;s a lot of interesting resonance for everything that &apos;s called &quot; nuclear &quot; in the name , there &apos;s a big interest and the people of the company in russia , india , china -- i was here , and i &apos;ve been talking about how to fix it .
i &apos;m optimistic . you know , the french and japanese have something that made a difference .
this is a variation of one thing that was made .
that &apos;s a very important step forward , but it &apos;s like a faster reactor and some countries have built this , so everyone who has been doing a rapid reactor , a computer &apos;s health for our first .
in your sense , imagine what a lot of people are doing to actually call up the way that we really do have a difference in life ?
mw : now we need one of these most profound , interagency things that are very cheap , we have to invent 20 years to invent and then 20 years to go .
this is a deadline that have shown us the main business of the world that we need to push .
and , you know , if it &apos;s all done , it &apos;s going to be a big wish , and that &apos;s a big wish , it could hold it easy .
and luckily there are dozens of companies today , and we need hundreds of companies that are , as they work , the same way that they work for their pilots to work for their pilots , for that .
and it would be best if it can do multiple , because then you could use a mixture .
anyway , we need a solution .
the moral mind of the great possible breakthroughs is the biggest ones you know ?
automobile tourism : a vaccine is the most important .
that would have been without the u.s. yet , but it &apos;s still that much more important .
in a nuclear sector , there are other innovative companies .
you know , we don &apos;t know what &apos;s going to work as well as these , but it &apos;s the modular method , that &apos;s another approach .
there &apos;s a liquid more than that , but maybe they &apos;ll say that it &apos;s about us .
and so there &apos;s different , but the beautiful thing is that a million times a million times as much energy has been like , say , a business system , and so , if you can deal with the problems , the footprint and the cost , almost in a league of their league .
if that doesn &apos;t work , what do you do ?
do we have to introduce a sample of a century to try to make the prescription stable ?
so if you get to that situation , it &apos;s like you &apos;ve been eating too much , and you &apos;re very short at a heart attack , what do you do ? you may need a cardiac procedure or something .
there &apos;s a whole book of the ground called the genetics that applied with different techniques to delay warming , so we would give up 20 or 30 years to give us a lot of us .
this is just a bonus .
you hope we don &apos;t need that .
some people say , you shouldn &apos;t just work on insurance because one that might be lazy to make you go , because you know that one will save the heart .
i don &apos;t know if it &apos;s smart , if you take the importance of this problem , but there &apos;s a conversation in whether you should have that available , if things come faster , you need that innovation to be able to do things , or that innovation needs longer than we expect .
im : have you had one or two phrases to the one , you may have to convince yourself ?
mt : well , unfortunately , the skeptics is a very different camps .
those who do scientific arguments are very little .
say there &apos;s negative implications to do the clouds that move things around the clouds ?
there are very , very few things that you can even say , of which there are a chance in a million .
the best way to do this is in aids .
you make the mistakes now , and you pay it much later .
and so the idea is , if you have all kinds of problems to invest in something that you &apos;ve only got , what the investment is , it &apos;s not necessarily the worst scenario , and there &apos;s people in the rich world that &apos;s not necessarily the worst scenario , and there &apos;s people in the rich world that &apos;s the ipcc .
the fact is that these uncertainty should be worried to us .
but my dream here is that if you can make it economic , and then it &apos;s gone on co2 at the same time , and it &apos;s also going to say the skeptics is not going to be a little bit of co2 , i wish it would be going to be a bit cheaper than the previous method . &quot;
and that would be their answer to the most unusual argument that if you use all of this time and energy to solve the co2 problem , all the other goals are suffering from the co2 problem , the ability that we can do with malaria and so on that there are better waste of resources , and so on that there are better resources that we can do .
discuss : well , the actual spending for research -- let &apos;s say the u.s. should spend 10 billion a year than you do today -- that &apos;s not so dramatic .
there shouldn &apos;t be other things .
you get to have a lot of money , and there &apos;s a reasonable people , if you have something that &apos;s not economic , and trying to do it for me .
it &apos;s because you &apos;re very short in a process of a training program , and we just financed the learning curve . i think we should try to do more things that have the potential to be much more expensive .
if the votes you get is a very high amount of food , then just the rich are always up .
i mean , each of us here could spend five times that much for our energy , without changing its lifestyle .
but for the bottom two billion , it &apos;s a disaster .
and even more knowledgeable about it .
his new way of doing it is , &quot; why won &apos;t the research &apos;t talk more about ? &quot;
he still gets to , because of his former stories , with the most popular stories , he understood that it &apos;s a very empty group , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s now going to be the same .
and that &apos;s a u.n. thought that i think is appropriate .
the research , it &apos;s just crazy , just as little as the support .
bill , i think , i &apos;m talking to almost all of the people here , if i say , i really hope that your wish is true . thank you very much .
audience : thank you .
a few years ago , at ted , peter has a ph.d. film called &quot; the vaccine &quot; is called &quot; the vaccine . &quot;
the idea is quite simple . let &apos;s have the biggest largest structure of structure with 20 spaghetti tape , about three feet , about three feet , a marshmallow .
the marshmallow are on top .
and , although it really seems really hard , it &apos;s really hard because it &apos;s people &apos;s generosity very quickly .
and so i thought this was an interesting idea , and i turned it into a field of culture .
it was a huge success .
since then , i &apos;ve done about 70 workshops in the world , with students , designers and architects , even with the races of the world , and there &apos;s something that &apos;s profound about the problem that we have to share with you some of the things that are profound .
generally , most people do start orient themselves in the task .
they &apos;re talking about what it is , they &apos;re going to be able to do it .
then they invest a little bit in planning and organization . they &apos;re drawing and distributed spaghetti sauce .
they invest a lot of their time in the most popular structures in the world all the time .
and finally , just before you have no time , somebody would take the marshmallow , and you &apos;ll very carefully put it on the tip , step back and &quot; dig &quot; ! admire your work .
but then , almost always , it &apos;s happened to be a &quot; idiot &quot; in &quot; a &quot; s &quot; is going to be a &quot; idiot , &quot; because the weight of the marshmallow are being able to bend and change .
there &apos;s a bunch of people who have a lot more &quot; moments of &quot; moments , &quot; and under the worst are fresh .
they lie , they &apos;re cheat , they &apos;re getting confused and made really messy .
and of course , there &apos;s teams that have a lot of &quot; metropolitan &quot; and the best ones are fresh schools of the average world .
and that &apos;s quite amazing .
as peter told us , they didn &apos;t make them just the highest towers , but also the most interesting structures of all .
what you might be asking is : how do you get ? why ? what about those ?
and peter said , &quot; no of the kids spend time on spaghetti sauce in the party . &quot;
they don &apos;t invest in time .
there &apos;s another reason .
and that &apos;s that training has been training to find a real plan , ok !
and it turns out .
what happens if they put the marshmallow on the top , they don &apos;t have time and what happens ?
it &apos;s a crisis .
sounds familiar , what ?
what &apos;s going to do is , you start to start with the marshmallow and build prototypes , successful prototypes , always with the marshmallow on the top , so that you &apos;ve seen the opportunity to fix prototypes prototypes .
and we can see that the kinds of collaboration with the core of a sudden .
and with any attempt , the children will get instant feedback , and what doesn &apos;t .
so the performance of the order to work with prototypes is a lot of -- but we &apos;re seeing how different teams act .
the average for most of us is about a plant-based diet , mesh , so far , by half the lawyers , it &apos;s better than adults .
who is the most successful ?
architects and engineers , luckily , .
three thousand is the highest thing i &apos;ve seen .
and why ? because you understand triangles and they &apos;re shrinking geometric patterns that are key to building stable structures .
ceos have something on average . but here &apos;s what it is interesting .
you don &apos;t get an executive leader in your team , you &apos;ll significantly get it better .
it &apos;s incredible . you see , you &apos;re looking around , you know , this team will win . &quot;
you can predict the way . why is it ?
because they have special skills of the internet .
they lead the process , they understand it .
and this team , the controls , and the work that will look at the work of teams significantly improve .
these are specialized skills , and the combination of the combination lead success .
if you have 10 teams who do the typical one , you get about six , the stable structures .
now , i was trying to do something interesting .
i thought , we &apos;ll get the same time the same time .
so i offered a 10,000 $ 10,000 prize for the winners .
what do you think happened to these kinds of leaks ?
what was the result ?
this is what happened . not a team had a stable structure .
if anyone had built a lot of construction , he would have been carried home for the price .
so isn &apos;t it interesting that high school levels have a strong effect ?
we repeated this exercise with the same students .
what do you think happened now ?
now , she understood the benefit of the prototyping .
so , it was like the same , bad team of one of the best .
they produced the highest construction in the slightest time .
so there &apos;s a lot of lessons for us , and it &apos;s a natural lessons for us , and success .
you may ask , why would someone actually invest time a computer program ?
the reason is , i &apos;ll help digital tools and create processes to help help help help help create cars , cars , video games , &quot; visual visuals . &quot; visual visuals .
and what the training business does is they help identify the hidden assumptions .
because , frankly , every project has its own marshmallow .
the challenge gives you a shared experience , a shared language , or paradox , to build the right prototype .
and this is the value of this experience , this is as simple as a practice .
and those of you who are interested in going to visit the world can go .
it &apos;s a blog where you can see how to build the marshmallow .
there &apos;s a lot of water there .
they find crazy examples from all of the world , how people optimize the system and the security system .
there &apos;s also a lot of land .
and the most popular lesson , i think , is actually a tech sport .
it requires that we all have our senses on the task , and we &apos;re going to think that we &apos;re using our feelings to be like our feelings and our doing , in the challenge , the challenge that we have .
and sometimes , a small prototype of this experience is all about what it takes to make us a &quot; brilliant &quot; moment , &quot; to make a &quot; brilliant &quot; moment .
and that can make a difference .
thank you .
so we &apos;re doing this as a machine .
a big machine , a cool thing , is a cool thing , a machine , and that &apos;s a time machine .
and everybody in this room has to go in .
and you can go to the past , you can go into the future ; you can &apos;t stay in here and now .
and i wonder what they would choose because i &apos;ve been asking my friends at the time , and they wanted to go all the time .
i don &apos;t know . they wanted to go back to the time before there were cars or twitter or &quot; america &apos;s idol . &quot;
i don &apos;t know .
i &apos;m convinced you kind of drawn to the formula to be drawn .
and i understand that .
i &apos;m not part of this group , i have to say .
i don &apos;t want to go into the past , and that &apos;s not because i &apos;m a interviewed .
it &apos;s because there &apos;s no way that possibilities go back on this planet , you go forward .
so i want to go into this machine , and i want to go into the future .
this is the greatest time that there was ever on the planet , regardless of how scale they are , health , wealth , mobility , opportunities , declining decline .
there was never a time that they had this .
my favorite school rate , all of them , when they were 60 .
my grandparents took this number to 70 .
my parents are the 80 to the u.s .
so there should be a nine at the beginning of my favorite family .
but it &apos;s not even about people like us , because this is a bigger thing than that .
a child who &apos;s born today in new delhi can expect to live as long as the richest man in the world , in 100 years .
think about it . that &apos;s an incredible fact .
and why is that ?
smallpox . smallpox has been killed billions of people on this planet .
they have a way of being reinvented in a way that had no war ever done .
they &apos;re gone . they &apos;re gone .
we defeated them . bloody .
in the rich world , diseases that have been threatened by a generation of us still , not even more than a generation of even more than a generation .
google , contemporary polio .
does anybody know what that is ?
vaccines , modern medicine , our ability to feed billions of people , these are successes in scientific method .
and from my view , the scientific method , the way , is to try and see things , whether it works , it doesn &apos;t change if it doesn &apos;t , one of the great achievements of humanity .
so that &apos;s the good news .
unfortunately , it &apos;s all the good news , because there &apos;s a couple of other problems , and they &apos;ve been talking about it .
and one of them is that despite all our achievements have a billion people in this world to go to bed every day .
that number goes up , and it &apos;s going to be very quick , and that &apos;s embarrassing .
and not just that , we &apos;ve used our imagination to trash that world thoroughly .
water , agricultural land , rainforests , oil , gas , gas , gas , they disappear , and if we didn &apos;t make us out of this chaos , we &apos;ll go away .
so the question is : can we do that ? i think .
i think it &apos;s clear that we can produce food that is going to feed billions of people , without the country , to rape them .
i think we can power this world with energy that doesn &apos;t even destroy them at the same time .
i think that &apos;s really , you know , no more a problem .
but that &apos;s holding me at night -- one of the things that i think is awake at night . we &apos;ve never been able to do science , so we never have it .
and we &apos;ve never been able to do it properly , as we can now do it today .
we &apos;re at the verge of amazing events on many areas , and yet i really think that we had to go back hundreds of millions of years before the enlightenment , and yet i really think that we have to go back hundreds of thousands of years before the enlightenment .
people are pulling around their belief , and it &apos;s so tightly that you cannot free it .
not even the truth is it will free .
and listen , everybody has a right opinion , even a real thing to think about it .
but you know what you &apos;re not right ?
they don &apos;t have a proper thing to their own facts . &apos; sorry , they don &apos;t have .
and i took a while to figure out this .
i wrote a article on vaccination for a decade , and i wrote a piece of user for the new yorker , a little article .
and i was amazed at the resistance , and i was being amazed at the resistance against what &apos;s at the end of humanity &apos;s health practice in the history of humanity .
i didn &apos;t know what to do , so i did just , i was writing a article , and i was going to go .
and soon , i wrote a article about genetically changed food .
the same thing , just bigger .
people were playing crazy .
so i was also writing a article , and i couldn &apos;t understand why people thought that would be &quot; meaningful , &quot; why they believed that molecules would move in a certain rather than around a random way of around the area of nature .
but you know what i do . i wrote the article , i was going to go on .
i mean , i &apos;m journalist .
we type , we &apos;re going to eat a way we eat , that &apos;s okay .
but the articles were worried about me , and i couldn &apos;t find out why , and finally i found it .
and that &apos;s because those buttons that were doing me crazy at all was not enthusiastic .
these were highly displaced people , educated people , decent people .
they were just like the people in this room .
and that brought me so miserable .
but then i thought , you know what , we &apos;re honest .
we &apos;re at a point where we don &apos;t have the same relationship with progress as they used to .
we &apos;re talking about it .
we &apos;re talking about this , with little quotes that are about to say &quot; progress . &quot;
okay , so there &apos;s some reason , and i think we know what &apos;s good for them .
we have the trust in institutions , in authority , and there &apos;s no way to lose science , and there &apos;s no reason why it should not be that .
you can just call a few names , and people will understand .
chernobyl : northern , the challenger , coastal destruction , the ecosystem of the 2000 .
i mean , you know , you can choose your own list .
there are questions and problems with the people we believed that they would be right . so are they really skeptical .
ask , ask , demand the evidence , demand it .
don &apos;t take anything than you give .
but now , if you get the evidence , you have to adopt this evidence , and we &apos;re not good at it .
and i can tell you that we have now to be in an epidemic of fear , as i &apos;ve never seen , and hopefully never seen again .
it was published about 12 years ago , a terrible story that the ones who get the ones that were wearing their measles , their offspring , and the confident vaccine brought together .
very frightening .
lots of studies have been done to see if that was true .
lots of studies should be done ; it &apos;s a serious business .
the data came in .
the data came in from the united states , from the england , from sweden , and they were all the same , no correlation , no connection , no connection .
it doesn &apos;t make any difference . it doesn &apos;t make any difference because we believe in anecdotes , we believe what we believe is what we believe we are feeling really .
we don &apos;t believe in a bunch of documents that have data , and i understand that , i think , we all do that .
but you know what ?
and the result of this was catastrophic .
catastrophic because of this fact , the united states is one of the only countries in the world where immunization increases for measles .
this is a lot of us , and we should be ashamed .
it &apos;s terrible .
what &apos;s happening is that we could do that .
well , i understand that . i do .
because does anyone have tenure ?
has one in the audience ever ever seen anyone to see their offspring ?
not very often happens .
in this country , at all , it &apos;s not going to happen at all , but let &apos;s spend me in the world last year .
these are a lot of deaths from measles , 20 per hour .
but because that &apos;s not what &apos;s happening here , we can put it in , and people like jenny has to go and have some of the fear and illiteracy of platforms like oprah and larry king live preach platforms like oprah and larry king .
and they can do that because they don &apos;t connect to it and connect it to some cause .
they don &apos;t understand that these things seem to be the same , but almost never the same thing .
and that &apos;s something we need to learn , and it &apos;s very quick .
this guy was a hero , jonas freak .
he got us from one of the worst benefits of humanity .
not fear , no longer a big , polio bee , gone .
the guy in the middle , not so much .
it &apos;s called paul johnson .
he &apos;s developed a few other people &apos;s research system .
he can save the lives of the age of being 500,000 in the developing world .
pretty good , isn &apos;t it ?
well , that &apos;s good , except that paul walk around that paul walk and about vaccines , and says how valuable they are , and that people should stop miserable .
and that &apos;s actually what he says .
so paul is a terrorist .
if paul talks in a public state , he can &apos;t observe without arms guards .
he gets calls to home because people like to tell him that they know where his children are going to school .
and why ? because paul has made a vaccine .
i don &apos;t need to say that , but vaccines are essential .
take them away , return the diseases , get terrible diseases , and that &apos;s what happens .
we have bought poorer people in this country .
and that &apos;s getting worse , and pretty soon children will die at this time , because that &apos;s just one question of numbers .
and they &apos;re not just going to die at measles .
what &apos;s the polio polio ? do we do that . why not ?
i wrote a few weeks ago , and i said , i think , i &apos;m a little bit to sharp .
nobody &apos;s ever said that before .
you wouldn &apos;t fix your kid &apos;s puzzles . no , no .
fine .
why ? because we have no polio puzzles . and you know what ?
we had no polio virus in this country yesterday .
i don &apos;t know , maybe tomorrow &apos;s morning , somebody has a plane , and flying straight to los angeles , right now , he &apos;s in the ohio .
and in a few hours , he ends up and he walks a car , and he &apos;s going to go to long beach , and he &apos;s going to visit one of these &apos;s finest tubes tonight .
and he doesn &apos;t know that he &apos;s infected with a rotten disease , and we don &apos;t know , because this is how the world works .
this is the planet where we live . don &apos;t do it as if it &apos;s not .
we love to warn us in lies . we love that .
do you all have your vitamins taken to all of your vitamins ?
you know , a little bit of a little bit of traffic , a little bit of your jumps .
i know you &apos;ve done this because half of the americans do it every day .
they take the stuff , and they take an alternative cure , and it doesn &apos;t make any difference , how often we find that they &apos;re useless .
the data is constantly taking place .
they make their urine . they almost never do .
that &apos;s okay , you want to pay 28 billion dollars to the dark urine .
i &apos;m totally talking about them .
dark urine .
why do we do that ? why do we do this ?
well , i think i understand the drug industry .
we hate to make a strong government . we don &apos;t have trust in the system .
and we don &apos;t want to be rid of that . our health care is humiliation .
it &apos;s cruel to millions of people .
it &apos;s absolutely amazing , and it &apos;s a reminder of ourselves that can afford .
so we &apos;re going to run away , and where do we go ?
we &apos;re going to go into the arms of the village .
that &apos;s great . i love the bamboo training .
but you know , it &apos;s really a serious job because the stuff is crap , and we &apos;ll give billions of dollars .
and i have all kinds of tests here .
none of them -- firstly , was crushing , unless i don &apos;t even know what that is , but we &apos;ll give billions of dollars for it , it &apos;s been .
and you know what ? when i say that , i tell people , &quot; what does you care ? let me do the people you want .
that &apos;s how you feel good . &quot;
and you know what ? they are wrong .
because it doesn &apos;t matter whether it &apos;s the case that it &apos;s the case , &quot; hmm , i &apos;m going to not adopt the evidence of my experts , &quot; or any marketing quality that would treat his patients with an oral education .
if you go to this path , where belief and magic shows and you replace the science , you get to a place where you don &apos;t want to be .
they get to south africa south africa .
he brought up 400,000 people , because he was on the verge of the fact that they are starting to start out , and they &apos;re more effective than antiretroviral drugs we know that they can break from aids .
hundreds of thousands of unnecessary deaths in one country that are worse than any other disease is going to be completed .
don &apos;t you tell me that these things have no consequences .
they &apos;ve always got them . they always have them .
now , the most fundamental epidemic we &apos;re in is this ridiculous struggle between the grain of bacteria genetically farming food and the water &apos;s worth of water .
this is a timely debate . it has to stop .
it &apos;s a debate about words , metaphor .
this is ideology , not rocket science .
everything we eat , every branch of every branch , every branch , every branch , was transforming by people .
you know , there were no plastic programs in the garden .
there was no plastic prizes .
there was no plastic prizes . we did it all .
we made it over the last 11,000 years .
and some of it has not worked , and some of them don &apos;t .
we got rid of what doesn &apos;t work .
now , we can make it more precise , of course , and of course there are risks . but we can help millions of people to give up millions of people , millions of people , to extend their lives .
you don &apos;t want to do that ?
i have to say , i don &apos;t understand .
we dismiss genetically food .
why do we do that ?
well , what i &apos;m listening to all of you is : too many chemicals , pesticides , hormones , hormones , we don &apos;t want to have a huge field of things that are wrong .
we don &apos;t want companies to try life .
we don &apos;t want companies to own seeds .
and you know what my answer is to all of this ?
yeah , they &apos;re right . fix it .
it &apos;s true , we have a huge amount of internet , but that &apos;s not rocket science .
that has nothing to do with science .
it &apos;s quite a morality , venture d .
you know , science is not a company .
it &apos;s not a country .
it &apos;s not even an idea ; it &apos;s a process .
it &apos;s a process , and sometimes it doesn &apos;t work , and sometimes it doesn &apos;t work , but the idea that we should not allow science to do their work , because we feel fear is a real dead , and it keeps millions of people from flourishing .
you know , in the next 50 years , we will have 70 percent more food than the moment , 70 percent .
these investment in africa in the last 30 years .
sorry . ashamed .
you need it , and we don &apos;t give them .
and why ? genetically , needed food ?
we don &apos;t want to encourage people to eat this stuff , like cassava .
it &apos;s something that &apos;s a half billion people eat .
it &apos;s like a potato .
it &apos;s just a donor calories . it &apos;s sweeping .
it doesn &apos;t have nutrients , it has no protein , and scientists are building it in this way .
and then people could eat the food , and then they would not be blind .
they wouldn &apos;t be starving , and you know what ?
that would be beautiful . it would not be morgan to quit no other , but it would be beautiful .
and all i can say to that is why fight us ?
i mean , let &apos;s ask , why do we fight this ?
because we don &apos;t want genes to move around ?
it &apos;s not about genes around it . it &apos;s not about chemicals .
it &apos;s not about our ridiculous passion for hormones , and our insist on bigger food , better food , unique food .
it &apos;s not about rice &apos;s rice ; it &apos;s about getting people alive , and it &apos;s going to understand the time that it means .
because you know what ?
if we do that , if we do it , we do something like that , we &apos;re not guilty about what we do , i think , not guilty about high-tech colonialism .
there &apos;s no other description of what &apos;s going on here .
it &apos;s selfish , it &apos;s ugly , it &apos;s not worthy , and we really have to be able to stop it .
so after this incredible piece of entertainment , you might say , &quot; do you want to say , &quot; you want to be in this ridiculous machine machine and go to the future ? &quot;
anyway . i want to do that anyway .
right now , it &apos;s in the present , but we have an incredible opportunity .
we can do this time time on everything we want .
we can move into moving where we want to move into moving , and we &apos;ll move it to where we want .
we have to lead these conversations , and we need to think , but if we go to the time time , and then we &apos;ll be happy to have that .
i know we can , and as far as i can care , is what the world needs now .
thank you .
thank you .
and for some time , i &apos;m interested in the ted debate , it may seem weird to me , it &apos;s a magician that &apos;s really interested in what i think it &apos;s going to be true if someone is just stuck there . &quot;
in other words , there &apos;s a measurable impact on some studies , which is a measurable effect , which is just because the person thinks what &apos;s happening to you is a non-zero-sum effect , a kind of a ... in the body , if the patient &apos;s only stuck there , a measurable effect in the body that &apos;s called the production system .
a deception becomes something really true because somebody knows it .
so , we also want to understand each other , and i &apos;ll show you an elemental , very simple trick trick .
and i &apos;ll show you how it works . this is a trick that has at least since the 1950s in every single child &apos;s office .
i even learned him from the original contemporary magic journal of the arts in the 1970s .
i &apos;ll do it for you and then explain it .
and then i &apos;ll explain why i explain it .
so , see what happens .
the knife , they can examine , my hand that they can study .
i &apos;m going to just keep the knife that i &apos;m going to do .
i &apos;m pulling my sleeves .
and to make sure that nothing in my sleeves would go out or out of him , i just will just get my wrist here .
in this way , you can see something moving , not a time . as long as i &apos;m here , there can be nothing in my sleeves or getting out .
and the goal is quite simple .
i &apos;m going to open my hand , and hopefully if it &apos;s all good , the knife will not emit by my bare physical magnetism .
it &apos;s actually in the way that i can shake it , i can shake it without controlling the knife .
nothing is going to be in my sleeves or coming out , not a lot of diamonds , and they can study everything .
audience !
now , this is a trick that i often have a little bit of kids who are interested in magic , because you can learn a lot about deception , although it &apos;s a very simple trick , it &apos;s a very simple trick .
probably many of you have seen this trick in the room that &apos;s going to be this trick .
so it works like this .
i &apos;m holding the knife in my hand .
i say i &apos;m going to make my wrist , to make sure that nothing in my sleeves would disappear or come out of the top , and that &apos;s a lie .
the reason why i &apos;m going to make my wrist , is that the real secret of illusion is that it &apos;s the real secret of illusion .
so at the moment , where i &apos;m going to give my hand to you , so you can see them from the back , move , this fingers here , the rwanda , just from there , where he was , in a position , to the one that he was moving .
great trick ?
there &apos;s somebody sitting behind that , who &apos;s not a childhood guy .
so , he &apos;s here . right ?
and if i &apos;m going to be able to change the fingers that are going to be a position .
and now you might talk about why this is a deception that you don &apos;t know , you &apos;re just going to see that the minds and the way it &apos;s the way it works is , it doesn &apos;t count , one , two , three , but she &apos;s as a group .
but that &apos;s what it &apos;s really about here , and then i open my hand .
of course it &apos;s going to be there , but not by magnetism my body , but through a trick , through my rwanda , the right now is there .
and if i close my hand , the same thing is going to happen by me , it &apos;s going to be the movement of the fingers that &apos;s going to be back again .
i take this hand away . and here &apos;s the knife .
this trick you can demonstrate your friends and your neighbors . thank you .
well , what does this have to do with the mit ?
i read a study in front of a year or a year , i read a study that really blew my mind .
i &apos;m not a doctor or a researcher , and so that was an amazing thing to me .
because it turns out , if you offer a placebo treatment in a single pill , in a single way , that &apos;s a little round , white pill , is that it &apos;s just a round , white pill that has a certain kind of impact .
but if you give the shape where you give the placebo treatment to an example , and that blue color and a letter that shapes you , it &apos;s actually measurably more effective .
and that , although not any pharmaceutical company -- they &apos;re just flying away .
but a white pill is not as good as a blue pill .
what ? that made me really crazy .
but it turns out that it &apos;s not all that &apos;s all .
if you take capsules that are more effective than pills and pills each form .
a colored drill that is yellow at one end and the other red is better than a white capsule .
the dosage assignment is a role .
a pill twice is not as good as three pills -- i can &apos;t remember the exact note . sorry .
but the key thing is ...
... that also the doses of a role .
and the shape plays a role .
and if you want to have the ultimate baseline of your mind , you have to grab a needle .
right ? a syringe with a cellphone -- a few of the hairs that you injected in a patient .
it &apos;s a very strong picture of a head . that &apos;s a lot more than a white pill .
this graph is really -- i &apos;m going to show you another time if we have a shot .
so the fact that the white pill doesn &apos;t work as well as the blue pill that doesn &apos;t work as well as a contractor that doesn &apos;t seem as good as the needle .
and none of that has really got a cochlear implant , and it &apos;s only our belief that we can get a stronger impact on us .
i wanted to know if i could use this idea for a magic trick .
i &apos;ll take something that is obvious , obviously , and let &apos;s make it look real .
we know from that study that you have to reach to the needle if it &apos;s supposed to be .
this is a 18 inches long . it &apos;s very , very quote . and i &apos;m going to be able to condense you a little bit .
this is really my meat . it &apos;s not terribly accurate of black meat .
this is my skin . this is not a special part of hollywood .
i &apos;m going to stick this needle in my skin and take it through it , until she gets away , and it stops himself .
if you &apos;re getting evil -- if you drop lightly , i put a few friends in the room in room room , and some people who i didn &apos;t know , and i have a woman who has been almost faint .
so i propose if you &apos;re going to be getting bad , you &apos;ll look at the next 30 seconds , or you &apos;ll see , i &apos;m going to do the first sensitive part here in the back of 30 seconds .
you can see it in the same way , but also if you want to .
so , it &apos;s like , right now , where my meat begins , the bottom part of my arm is going to be one little nugget .
really sorry . do you do this crazy ?
and now just a little bit of my skin , and on the other hand , it &apos;s coming back .
now , we &apos;re actually in the same situation that we had the business industry .
about it .
but now , you can &apos;t count my fingers , right ?
so , i &apos;ll show you , this is one , two , three , four , five .
well , yeah .
i know what people think , if you see this .
they say , &quot; okay , that &apos;s not so dumb and entertaining itself , even to give us the skin , just to give us a few minutes . &quot;
well , then i &apos;ll show you .
what &apos;s this looking like ? pretty good .
yeah , i know .
and the people in the back say , &quot; okay . i didn &apos;t see this right . &quot;
the people in the room are now in the field of getting in .
let me show you just close .
this is really my skin . this is not a special fact of hollywood .
this is my meat , and i can flip it .
sorry . if you get feeling evil , look away , you don &apos;t look .
the people in the back or the ones that eventually come to see at some point in the video will say , &quot; well , it &apos;s quite quite evident , but if it &apos;s real , it would be -- you can &apos;t bleed it , &quot; you know , here &apos;s a hole , it would bleed it . &quot;
okay , let me give you a little blood for them .
yeah , here it is .
so , normally i would take the needle .
i would clean my arm and show them that there are no injuries .
but i think this frame here , and with the purpose of being a deception , i &apos;m going to just leave the needle in there , and go from the stage .
we &apos;ll have a couple of times to meet us in the next day .
i hope you &apos;ll be happy . thank you very much .
everybody &apos;s talking today is happiness .
i have some people who are going to count the number of books that were released with happiness in the last five years , and they gave up about 40 , and there was a lot more .
there &apos;s a tremendous wave of interest in happiness under researchers .
there &apos;s a lot of time going .
everybody would like to make people happier .
but despite all these mountains of work , there are several cognitive emissions that are almost impossible to think about happiness .
and my talk today is mainly about these cognitive decline .
the authority is to think about their own happiness , and it &apos;s true for scientists who think about happiness , because it turns out that we &apos;re just as frightening as any other .
the first one of these is a plant-based response to complexity .
it turns out that word happiness is not a useful word , because we apply to many different things .
i think there &apos;s a certain significance that we could give it to , but in the big , and all of the time , that &apos;s something we have to give up , and we will have to take the complicated perspective on what it is that it is .
the second case is , be an ironic experience , and memory is basically being between happy in his life and happy to be happy with his life .
and these are two very different concepts , and they are both wired to be lucky .
and the third is the most unhappy fact , and that is the unhappy fact that we can &apos;t think about a situation that affects well-being without its significance .
i mean , that &apos;s a real cognitive event .
there &apos;s just no way to get it right .
now , i &apos;d like to start with one of the things that i &apos;d like to do with someone who was a story , which was a story , &#91; unclear &#93; , he said he had a symphony , and it was absolutely glorious music , and it was just the end of the recording .
and then he added , really emotionally , that has never been changed .
but that didn &apos;t have it .
what it had been the memories of the experience .
he had the experience .
he had had a new journey of music .
they don &apos;t care because he was a reminder of a reminder ; the memory was ruined , and the memory was all he had to keep at keep .
what really is really telling us is that we could think about ourselves and other people in the sense of two types of self .
there &apos;s a long-term self that lives in the present and the present knowledge is able to experience the past , but basically just the present .
it &apos;s the most energetic itself , which is the doctor &apos;s doctor , you know , if the doctor says , &quot; does it hurt if i &apos;m going to get you here ? &quot;
and then there &apos;s a behavioral self , and the self itself is the fact that the self and the history of our life is upright , and it &apos;s the one that &apos;s the doctor now , by the time , &quot; how did you feel ? &quot;
or &quot; how was your journey to albania ? &quot; or something like that .
these are two very different units that are added to itself and the self itself , and the self is part of the fear of the happiness of happiness .
now , the self itself is a storyteller .
and that really starts with a fundamental reaction to our memories -- it starts instantly .
we don &apos;t just tell stories if we make a story to tell stories .
our memory tells us stories that we can keep in our experiences of what we &apos;re going to do to our experiences .
and let &apos;s start with one example of it .
there &apos;s an old study .
these are real patients who do a painful procedure .
i &apos;m not going to go into the detail . it &apos;s not that painful , but it was painful as a study in the 1990s .
they were asked to report every 60 seconds of their pain .
and here are two patients . they &apos;re their records .
and they &apos;re asked , &quot; who are you suffering more ? &quot;
and that &apos;s a very simple question .
patient b has clearly suffered more than his average capacity was longer , and every minute of pain , the patient has a patient b , and more .
but then there &apos;s another question : &quot; how many thought would these patients be used ? &quot;
and here &apos;s a surprise .
and the surprise is that patient is a much poorer amount of mammal engineers in the u.s. than patient b .
the stories of the middle were different , and because a very critically part of the story is how it ends up .
and none of these stories are very selfish or great -- but one of them is clear .
but one of them is significantly worse than the other .
and the worse , the worse , where the pain was at the end of its peak , it &apos;s a bad story .
how do we know that ?
because we &apos;ve asked these people to be asked to do the people , and also , as well as a lot of the whole thing , the whole thing was overall ?
and she was much worse for a than b in the morning .
well , this is a direct conflict between the self and the self itself .
from the perspective of the self , b has clearly been a poorer time .
well , what you might do with patient a do , and we actually did clinical experiments , and it &apos;s done , and it &apos;s actually done , it could actually give the patient a problem a way to keep the tube in there without very much to shake it .
that &apos;s going to lead the patient &apos;s staff , but just a little bit less than that .
and if you make that a couple of minutes , you &apos;ve got that the average self is a bad one , and you have it , that the patient itself is a much better on the patient , because you have patient a better story , you know , a better story about your experience .
what &apos;s going to look like is a story ?
and that &apos;s for the stories that are giving us memory , and it &apos;s also for the stories that we invent .
and what a story is , you can find , is , significant moments and ends .
so , the end of that is , very important , and in this case , the end is dominated by the end .
now , the health rate itself lives on life .
it &apos;s a moments of the opportunity , one after the other .
and you ask , what happens with those moments ?
and the answer is really simple . they &apos;re still lost .
i mean , most moments of our life -- and i really did this -- you know , the psychological present is about about three million of them . in a month , it &apos;s about 600,000 million of them . in a month , it &apos;s about 600,000 . most of them are leaving no trace .
most of them are completely ignored by the self itself .
and yet , you kind of get the impression that you should count that , that &apos;s what &apos;s going on during that moments of life .
it &apos;s the finite resource that we consume as we are in this world .
and as we would consume it , it &apos;s not the story that keeps the self that keeps the self .
so we have the self self and the self self , and they &apos;re really quite different .
the biggest difference between you is the time you &apos;re dealing with time .
from the perspective of the self , if you have a vacation , and the second week is the same , the second time , the house is twice the way the vacation is twice the same time .
that &apos;s not what it does at all the time .
for the sake of the self , a holiday holiday is almost a holiday vacation is to be able to put on a new memories .
they didn &apos;t change the story .
and in that way , time is actually the critical variable that &apos;s different from a self self has a very little impact on this story .
now , the self itself makes more than remember and telling stories .
it &apos;s actually that that makes decisions , because if you have a patient , we have two different surgeons , and they decide what he should choose , then the fact that they have to choose , then the fact that it &apos;s less bad , that &apos;s the surgeon who will choose it .
the welfare system itself has no voice in that choice .
we actually don &apos;t choose between experience . we choose between experiences .
and even if we think about the future , we don &apos;t usually think about our future as anything .
we think about our future as a surgical memories .
and basically , you can look at this , as a tyranny of the root itself , and you can think of the self itself as one , which is sort of the defining self itself , which is kind of the notion of the self itself , using experiences that don &apos;t need to be able to do the contents themselves .
i have the impression that if we &apos;re doing holiday that is very often the case , we &apos;ve been doing a vacation for the services of the independence .
and that &apos;s a little bit hard to justify , i think .
i mean , how much do we do from our memories ?
that &apos;s one of the explanations that &apos;s given to the dominance of the self .
and when i think about it , i think at a holiday that we &apos;ve done a few years on antarctica a few years ago , that i &apos;ve ever had the best vacation i &apos;ve ever had , and i think quite often about the relationship of how many times i think of other people &apos;s minds .
and i &apos;ve probably got my memories on this journey journey , i would say , about 25 minutes for the last four years .
well , if i had ever opened the folder with the 600 pictures i &apos;d spent another hour .
well , these are three weeks , and that &apos;s only a half hours .
there seems to be a disconnect .
well , i like a little extreme , you know , in the way , like little appetite , i have a focus on memories of memories , but even if you make more of it , there &apos;s a real question to be in the weight of the weight that we &apos;re designing ?
so , i want you to think about a experiment experiment .
imagine your closest holiday , you know , that at the end of the day , you know that at the end of the day , you get rid of all your images , and you get a little more efficient drug , so you can &apos;t remember anything .
well , would you choose the same vacation ?
and if you choose to pick another holiday , there &apos;s a conflict between your two types of self , and you have to think about how they decide that conflict , and that &apos;s not obvious , because if you think about time , you can get a different answer .
why we choose to take the core data that we have to pick up with a choice between the two type of self .
now , the two types of self are two terms of happiness .
there are actually two concepts of happiness that we can apply , one per self .
so you can ask , how happy is the average self ?
and then you would ask , how happy are the moments in life of the long-term self ?
and they &apos;re all -- fortunately , for moments , a pretty complicated process .
what are the emotions that can be measured ?
and by the way , we &apos;re able to get a pretty good idea of happiness in the process of the self itself over time .
if you ask happiness for the happiness of the self , it &apos;s a very different thing .
this is not how happy a person lives .
it &apos;s how happy or happy that person is being thinks about their lives .
very different term .
and any of those terms are not different to the exploration of happiness , and i &apos;m part of a bunch of researchers that still held the way that the research advances are , that the way that the research is , the point of happiness , has driven that way .
the distinction between happiness in the process of self and the happiness of the self is in the last several years , and now it &apos;s trying to measure the two individual bits .
the gallup organization has been a worldwide survey where more than one million people have been asked to ask what they think about their lives and their experiences , and there was other effort in the direction .
so over the last few years , we &apos;ve started learning about the happiness of the self .
and the main lesson that we &apos;ve learned , i think , is that they &apos;re really different .
you know how happy someone is in his life , and that doesn &apos;t tell you much about how happy he lives , and vice versa .
just to give you a sense of correlation with correlation , there &apos;s about a bit of a difference .
what that means is that if you meet somebody , and you would say , oh , his father is a key , how much would you know about your greatness ?
well , you would know something about its size , but there &apos;s a lot of uncertainty .
they have so much uncertainty .
if i tell you that somebody &apos;s life as eight on a scale of 10 general problems , they have a lot of uncertainty about how happy it is with his own self .
so the correlation is low .
we know something about what the happiness of happiness is .
we know that money is very important , goals are very important .
we know that happiness is mostly being understood with people who like , we like time to spend time with people that we like .
there are other pleasure , but that &apos;s a dominant way of a dominant one .
so if you want to maximize the two types of self , you &apos;ll be able to do very different things at the end of the self .
so the conclusion that i &apos;ve been saying is that we &apos;re not really lucky to imagine as a substitute for well-being .
it &apos;s a completely different term .
well , very quickly , another reason we can &apos;t think of happiness is that we can &apos;t look at the same stuff if we think about life , and if we actually live life .
so if you ask the simple question , how happy people in california are not going to be the correct answer .
if you ask that question , you think , people in california must be happy to be happy , if you say , in ohio .
and what happens is that if you think about life in california , you think about the difference between california and other places , and that difference is , we say , in climate .
well , it turns out that climate is not very important for the self , and it &apos;s not even very important for the thoughtful itself , which decides how happy people are .
but , because the thoughtful itself is responsible , you can end up with -- some people could go to california .
and it &apos;s kind of interesting to track what happens to people who are going to be happy to be happier , happy .
well , your self is not going to be happy .
we know that .
but one thing is going to happen . you &apos;ll think that you &apos;re happier , because if you think about it , you &apos;ll be happy , how horrible the weather in ohio was going to be , and you &apos;ll feel that you &apos;ve met the right decision .
it &apos;s very difficult to think about well-being , and i hope i &apos;ll give you a sense of how hard it is .
thank you .
thank you . i have a question for you .
thank you .
now , when we talked a few weeks ago , i &apos;ve talked about that , there was a pretty interesting result that came out of this setting poll .
is this something that you can make in progress , because you have a few minutes left ?
daniel klein : sure .
i think the most interesting thing that we found in the setting survey survey is a number that we &apos;ve never thought of .
and we found this in terms of happiness in the process of self .
when we looked at how emotions vary with income .
and it turns out that under a income of 60,000 dollars in the year , for americans , and that &apos;s a very large sample of americans , about 600,000 dollars , it &apos;s a huge representative , under a income of 600,000 dollars in the year year in 600,000 dollars in the year .
60,000 .
s : 60,000 .
60,000 dollars in the year are unhappy , and they will increasingly become less less happy , the poorer they will .
we get a completely flat line of this .
i mean , i &apos;ve seen so rare lines .
what happens is that , obviously , money is not a long-term stack , but that lack of money , you know , are not given any money , and we can measure that misery very clearly .
in the sense of the other self , the self itself gets a different story .
the more money you make is a little bit happier .
it &apos;s not true for emotions .
but danny , all of the american effort is about life , freedom , the pursuit of happiness .
if people would take this vital seriously , i mean , it seems to be all the way to put it on the head , everything we believe , for example , in terms of communication and so on .
is there a chance that politicians that have a vital finding that the country would have a vital finding like the serious would be done and based on politics ?
je : you know , i believe that there &apos;s recognition for the role of the security industry in politics .
the recognition is slowly going to be slowly in the united states , no question , but in the united kingdom , it &apos;s happening and in other countries , it &apos;s happening .
people are saying that they should be aware of happiness if they think about politics .
it &apos;s going to be a while , and people will discuss whether they want to study themselves or whether they want to study themselves or could they have to be able to take it pretty soon .
as you can get lucky , very different depending on how you think and whether you think about the self yourself or whether you think about the self yourself .
that &apos;s going to affect politics , i think , in the next years .
in the united states , you &apos;re going to be able to measure the u.s. population of the population .
that &apos;s going to be , i think , in the next one or two decades of national statistics .
well , it seems to me that this topic is going to be , or at least the most interesting political debate to follow the next couple of years .
so thanks to the invention of economics .
thank you danny assistance .
i &apos;m jane mcgonigal . i design video games .
i develop now for 10 years , and my goal for the next decade , and my goal for the next decade , it &apos;s just easy to do the world in reality , how it &apos;s saving in a lot of food .
i have a plan for that . i want to convince more people to spend more time with them , and they spend more time playing more and more innovative games .
currently we spend three billion hours a week with a total of mobile phone .
some of you may think , &quot; that &apos;s a whole lot of time for games . &quot;
maybe something too much time when you think about how many problems we need to solve in the real world .
but in fact , my research on the institute of the future is exactly the opposite correctly .
three billion hours a week are not nearly enough to solve the most urgent problems of the world .
in fact , i &apos;m convinced that if we want to survive the next century on this planet , we have to increase that time .
i calculate that the only time that &apos;s at 21 billion hours of play is just over a week .
this is a little bit of a matter of a matter , so i repeat it , so i can make it work : if we &apos;re hunger , poverty , climate change , global conflict and obesity , i think , we need to try and play games online for at least 21 billion hours a week .
no , i mean it really seriously .
why ? this image that &apos;s quite exactly why i believe games are so essential to the survival of human species in the future . seriously .
this is a portrait of photographers phil hour .
he wanted to capture the feelings of playing , so he did a camera on the players .
this is one of the bad words in play .
if you &apos;re not a player , you may feel some of the nuances in this picture .
you probably see this sense of urgency , a bit fear , but a lot of concentration , so that a really difficult problem , so , a really difficult problem .
if you play , you see some nuances here , which are the mouth of optimism , the eyebrows are a sign of optimism . the eyebrows are showing a surprise .
this is a players who are on the verge of what called epic security expectancy .
oh , you know , ok . so , you know , you have some players here .
an 11-year-old victory is a result that you didn &apos;t know , so much that they didn &apos;t know it was possible at all .
it was almost beyond the imagination .
and if you achieve it , you &apos;re shocked to do something that you &apos;re actually able to do . this is an 11-year-old victory .
this player is just a epic victory in this player .
and this is what we have to see on millions of faces of the world &apos;s barriers to attack if we take the barriers to the next century , the face of the people who are against the presence of a epic tribe .
well , unfortunately , we &apos;re actually seeing this face in real life , when we &apos;re tough problems .
i call it as a &quot; in life , &quot; i &apos;m bad , &quot; but it &apos;s actually my face , you see ? yeah ? ok .
that &apos;s me , i &apos;m going to make a bad job of &quot; s . &quot;
this is a graffiti at my former home , california , where i was in my profession why we were better in games than we are in real life .
that &apos;s a problem that has a lot of players .
we think we &apos;re not as good as being in reality .
and i don &apos;t just mean it &apos;s less successful than that .
we &apos;re going to be able to do more in the same way . i mean , i mean , i &apos;m talking about the connection with motivation , and more significant to work together .
if we &apos;re in a business zone , i believe that many of us will turn into our best version , at any time and immediately helpful , they &apos;re going to be able to solve the problem as long as it takes to the week again .
and in reality , when we collide , we often feel different about obstacles , we often feel different .
we feel overwhelmed . we feel ourselves . we feel threatened . we feel uncomfortable , frustrated or else .
and we never have these feelings , when we play games , they don &apos;t just play it .
and that &apos;s what i wanted to study as a student .
why is it impossible to think of , think of it , you couldn &apos;t just achieve anything ?
how do we transfer these feelings of play in reality ?
so i looked at games like world of warcraft , which provides the ideal environment for collaborative problem solving .
and i &apos;ve found some things that will be epic in micro as possible .
so first , if you get in one of these online games , you get a lot of different characters , there &apos;s a lot of different characters who are willing to be willing to be a passionate mission , and it &apos;s instantly a lot of different characters , and it &apos;s instantly .
but not just any mission , but a mission that fits perfectly to your current level , right ?
so , you can do that .
they never get a task they can &apos;t solve .
but always on the edge of your skill , so you have to do it , but there &apos;s no unemployment in world of warcraft .
you &apos;re not sitting around and you &apos;re walking around , and there &apos;s always something important .
and there &apos;s lots of employees .
and where you go to the other , hundreds of thousands of people working with them to be their epic mission .
we don &apos;t have that easy life in the real life , that sense that there are a lot of employees with a indigenous staff .
and there &apos;s this epic story , this inspiring story , why we are there , and what we have to do .
then we get this whole positive feedback .
you &apos;ve heard of the level of &quot; level &quot; + &quot; + 1 powers &quot; + 1 intelligence . &quot;
that constant feedback is not in the real life .
if i leave this stage , i don &apos;t have to talk to you as a crazy idea and + a crazy idea , + 20 crazy idea .
i don &apos;t get involved in the real life of this feedback .
so , the problem of the most basic things like world world of warcraft is that it &apos;s such a satisfying way , at any given of a epic church that we would rather spend our entire time in these kinds of titles .
they &apos;re just better than reality .
until today , all the world of affairs have spent millions of years trying to solve the virtual problems of solving the virtual problems of communication .
that &apos;s not necessarily a bad thing .
it may sound bad .
but to see it in context , millions of years ago , our first day began to go upright .
so the first upright primate .
ok , so , if we talk about how much time we spend at play with play , it &apos;s just a sense of when you think about the scale of human flourishing , which is extraordinarily amazing .
but it &apos;s also appropriate , because it turns out we &apos;re using this whole time to actually change the way we &apos;re in play .
we &apos;re developing , too , for many of us , as well .
that &apos;s the truth . i think it &apos;s the truth .
consider this interesting statistic that recently published from a researcher university university , the average young man of today &apos;s country has been diagnosed with tremendous rates of thousands of hours of health to the 21st of 21 hours of age .
so , 10,000 hours is an extremely interesting number of two reasons .
first of all , for children in the united states , they &apos;re enjoying the exact grand grand grand grand review for the high school , which is the high grade , when you &apos;re never missing .
so we have a complete amount of traffic here , where young people learn how to do it , which means it &apos;s a good player , how anything they learn in school .
and maybe some of you have the new book of malcolm gladwell &apos;s read , &quot; doctor , &quot; read .
so you know , you know , your theory of success is the theory of 10,000 hours .
it &apos;s based on the great research of science that if we spend 10,000 hours with the tedious study of the world , we &apos;re going to master the master of the world &apos;s opinion , we &apos;re going to master .
we &apos;re going to be so good at doing whatever the most significant people in the world .
so what we have here is a full generation of young people who are super popular .
so the big question is , &quot; what is the players with him ? &quot;
because if we could find that , we would never have a lot of human potential to have a lot of human potential .
so many people are now in the world at least one hour a day with a diet with a diet of aviation .
these are our main countries , 500 million people who are extraordinarily good in &quot; something . &quot;
and in the next decade , we have another billion players who are extraordinarily well doing something that are extremely good in whatever .
if you haven &apos;t heard it yet .
the federal sector developed systems that save energy and work on the ground , instead of the building , in particular , china , china , china , can play this online .
you expect another billion players in the next decade .
so we have a billion players .
so i started thinking about what it is , what it is to do to master these games .
here &apos;s the four things i found . first of all , it &apos;s been done .
ok , imagine that the extreme environmental engine .
so , the point is , immediately , you can do something about it , a barrier to the question , with that belief that we have a constant hope for success .
players believe that there &apos;s an excellent victory , and it &apos;s always worth trying to try and do it , and it &apos;s the same way .
players don &apos;t sit around .
players are masters in spiders of social nets .
there &apos;s a lot of interesting studies that are showing that we &apos;re playing people more than we &apos;ve played with them even if they &apos;ve been wrong .
the reason for that is that it requires a lot of trust with someone who is playing a game .
we trust that somebody has been talking to us that the rules are honored to be honored , and to stay the same way .
so the training system allows the growing of ties , trust and each other .
as a result , we build stronger social relations .
one-way productivity . fantastic !
you know , there &apos;s one reason why the u.s. spends 22 hours a week , sort of a career as a matter of effect .
the reason is that if we play , we &apos;re actually happier about working hard , when we relax or do nothing .
we know that as human beings work optimal , if we do hard work , we do work .
and players are always ready to work hard if they get the right task .
and finally , epic matter .
players love to be able to become part of awe of missions at the scale .
here &apos;s a way to put that in the right light . you know all wikipedia , the largest wave of the world .
the largest wiki wave of the world , at nearly 80,000 residential favorites , is the world of warcraft .
five million people use it every month .
they &apos;ve been compiling more information about world of warcraft in the internet than any other subject in any other 1940s .
they create a epic story .
they create a epic source of knowledge about the world of warcraft .
ok , so these are four superpowers that lead to one outcome , players are hopeful , hopeful individuals .
it &apos;s people who believe that they can change the world as a single one .
and the only problem is you believe you can change the virtual worlds , but not the real ones .
that &apos;s the problem i try to solve .
edward edward : a vaccine that is a giant
his work is brilliant . he studied why people are so much time , energy and money in prison spend so much time in the city .
and he says , &quot; we &apos;re going to be able to see the eruption of not less than a trade in virtual worlds and new . &quot;
and this is an economist . so it &apos;s logical .
and he says ...
not as i ... i develop games , i &apos;m a little bit more delicious .
so he says that it &apos;s actually a sense of making sense , because player can achieve more in more than real life .
they can put stronger social bonds than in real life , and they get more feedback and rewards in play than in real life .
so , he says , it &apos;s actually totally logical that player in the virtual world than the real time .
i just have to do it , that &apos;s logical .
but it &apos;s definitely not rocket science .
we need to start turning the real world into a game .
i mean , i &apos;m taking inspiration from an event that &apos;s a 2,500 years .
they have these ancient cube , from russia . you know ?
there was a fantastic case of these amazing kids .
and these were the first of these people developed in the developed process .
and if you &apos;re familiar with the works of the old greek producer , you may know that story , the story of how and why games were invented .
they were playing out loud and more , more specifically , in the kingdom of affairs , in the kingdom of bats during the kingdom .
supposedly , there was such great famine that the king of the chicken decided to have a crazy idea .
people were fighting . people fought .
it was an extreme situation . it took you an extreme solution .
so they invented , loud , the federal sector , and the national strategy , and a day , you would eat . the next day you would be playing .
and they would be so much to be able to be able to be able to do this , and then we &apos;re talking about the same thing , productivity &apos;s productivity , that they would forget that there was nothing to eat .
and then the next day , you would play , and the next day you would eat .
and according to the foreign , they survive as 18 years as they were eating to eat a day and the next time .
i think we &apos;re going to play a game today .
we &apos;re going to play games to get the suffer suffer from the real world .
we &apos;re going to play games to be able to get anything that doesn &apos;t work , all the way that the real life is not satisfying , and we get to get us what we need .
but that doesn &apos;t have to be the end .
this is exciting .
loud famously , after 18 years the famine was not better , so the king , the king , decided to be a final scholar .
she shared the kingdom in two .
they were playing a clay center , and the best line was to break into a gorgeous adventure .
they abandoned the way they went to the search for a new home , and they just left as many people as they had food for survival , and they were looking for the rest of a area where they could thrive .
that sounds crazy , right ?
but latest latest latest shows that the average ones that were going to allow the roman empire to the age of the old dna .
so scientists recently came to the notion that the story is actually crazy .
and geologists found evidence of a global cooling cooling , almost 20 years would take what the famine could explain .
so this is a crazy story .
maybe they actually have rescued their people by playing in the games for 18 years in games , and then they had these titles , and they had to play so much about the one of the civilization that they have to do , that they had saved the entire civilization of civilization .
so , we can do that .
we &apos;ve been playing for 1994 .
this was the first time in real time in the world of war of smallpox , which was 16 years ago .
they were working on 18 years , we &apos;ve been warcraft , we &apos;ve been greedy for 16 years .
i &apos;m saying , we &apos;re ready to play our own career .
so , they sent half their civilization to the quest for a new world . so i &apos;m going to take my 21 billion cycles a week .
we should have invested in arrangements that have been spending a day with playing a day with games to we have solved the problems of the real world .
i know you &apos;ll ask , &quot; how do we solve the real world problem in play ? &quot; and that &apos;s exactly what i &apos;ve been doing in the last several years at the institute of the world .
so we have the flag in our office in palo alto , and it &apos;s declared how we should understand the future .
we don &apos;t want to try to say the future before .
what we want to do is create the future .
we want to imagine the best result , and then humans are making it to the reality of reality .
we &apos;re going to be epic victories by giving people the opportunity to achieve them .
i &apos;m going to show you a very short , three games that i &apos;ve designed to try to make people epic will flourish in their own future .
this is &quot; world without oil . &quot;
the game is from 2007 .
it &apos;s a high-speed movement where you have to overcome a wider scale .
the media &apos;s worth of law is , but we have enough access to it , so it &apos;s going to be realistic with it , and it &apos;s actually going to be a little life in real time , so if you &apos;re typing , you &apos;re going to be able to do what you live in , and then you have to figure out how to do it , you know , how do you have a lot of food ?
we tested this game with marge players in 2007 , and we &apos;ve been talking about them since the last three years .
and i can tell you , it was a transformative experience .
nobody wants to change life because it &apos;s good for the environment or because we should .
but if you &apos;re in a epic adventure , and you &apos;re going to be told , &quot; we &apos;re going to get the oil . &quot;
that &apos;s an amazing adventure that you &apos;re going to do .
find out how they would survive , most of our players , the most of our players , the way they &apos;re able to teach habits .
so we have a bigger way to put more , more than just a problem for a second .
we &apos;ve developed the game &quot; reserve &quot; at the institute of the future .
what you start to do is the calculation of a vaccine that people have only 23 years on on the planet .
so this supercomputer is called &quot; global consciousness , &quot; of course .
the call to players , for example , have been to sign , we almost have a way of making a &quot; s &quot; s &quot; s ?
they know jerry &apos;s water , where it &apos;s called &quot; the da bomb , &quot; you have the astronauts , the scientists , the average one , the world &apos;s genome , and only together they can save the world .
but in our game , instead of just five people , we say , everyone is in the classroom , and it &apos;s our job , the future for energy , food , health , security and the future of social justice .
8,000 players were playing the game eight weeks long .
they found 500 incredibly creative solutions that can read if they google &quot; networking &quot; are google .
and the last game we put on the third march , which is a game in collaboration with the world bank .
if you finish the game , you get the world bank &apos;s award for social development , by 2010 .
we work with universities in all sub-saharan africa and store them , to learn social programming .
we have a comic book . we have a level of understanding , sustainability , sustainability , vision and genius and ingenuity .
so , i want to invite you all to share this game with young people all over the world , especially in the world , especially in the world , which is all of the benefit to save the world .
so i &apos;ll come up with the end .
i want to ask you something .
what do you think happens next ?
we have all these fantastic players , we have games that show us what we can do , but we don &apos;t have to save the world yet .
well , i hope you agree that player &apos;s human resources are the ones that we can use to work in real life , and that games are a huge meaning for change .
so we have these major superpowers , disruptive productivity , the ability to connect close social networks , and the desire to make meaning meaning .
i hope that we play together with major games to survive on this planet another century .
and i hope you &apos;ll design these things with me and play .
if i was in the next decade , i &apos;m sure , in two things , i &apos;m sure that we can create each future , and that we can play all kinds of games .
so i say , let &apos;s start the most playful play !
thank you .
i would like to tell you something about what i was going to be doing a bit of an article on the writing for wired wired .
i always write my ph.d. at hand , but i was able to do the reading of text , and i realized that i &apos;ve never been looked at what the word &quot; disabled &quot; means .
i read you the point .
&quot; disabled &quot; used , used to be , &quot; bitter , helpless , destroyed , wounded , beaten up , swallowed , brutal , withdrawn , destroy the traffic , swallowed , toast , burning the traffic , purple , albeit hurt , useless and weak .
osario : healthy , strong , organs
i was reading this list of a friend loud , and i had to laugh , it worked that was kind of ridiculous , but i just came to read &quot; committee &quot; and couldn &apos;t stop reading and find me about this particular thing .
of course , this was a serious old school , old school , i just thought that the issue has to be pretty old .
but indeed , it was a issue in the early 80s when i was just beginning to build the elementary school community and try to shape my personal interactions outside of my family context , and shape around the rest of the world .
and i &apos;m not used to the same time .
would i take this shot seriously , i would be born in a world that someone would perceive me as a person in any way , in any way , but i &apos;m going to have the opportunity and adventure that i &apos;ve experienced .
so i immediately gave myself the design of 2009 , and i expected to be able to get a little bit of a ph.d .
here &apos;s the contrast version of this kind of thing .
unfortunately , it &apos;s not much better .
in particular , i &apos;ll shake the last two words under &quot; near &quot; near &quot; near &quot; and &quot; healthy . &quot;
but it &apos;s not just the words .
it &apos;s about what we think about people that are describe to these words .
it &apos;s about the values that are being put in these words , and how we construct these values .
our language affects our thinking , and how we see the world and the people around us .
many prominent societies , including the greeks and the 73 , really believed that the motivating one is a great force , because what you &apos;re out loud is also manifest manifest himself in the same strength , because what you &apos;re going to do is manifest themselves .
so , what do we really want to start -- one disabled people or a healthy people ?
so you can have a person to describe a child &apos;s worth of speech as a kid , you know , weep and you &apos;re trying to make sure .
wouldn &apos;t it be nice to open to the doors ?
a man who opened my doors was my pediatrician at the most successful institute of research in prison .
he &apos;s called dr. kang , a cellphone , whose name , as you can think , is not going to be terribly trivial . so he was always called dr. mann .
and dr. grey wore really colorful flies , and was just created with kids like being created .
i found the time i spent this hospital , just great -- until my favorite school .
i had to do a single practice , seemingly infinitely many , elastic , different colors -- that you know to build my online life , and i hated those tape falling more than anything . i hated it .
and imagine , i even had a kid in a morning with dr. violin negotiate and trying to stop doing these practice , without success .
and one day , he &apos;s watching me at a class -- these are the practice was just frustrated and even -- and he said to me , &quot; wow , aimee , you &apos;re so strong , powerful and young girls , you &apos;ll tear off one of those tape tape .
and if you make it , i give you a hundred dollars . &quot;
that was just a simple trick of dr. auction , so i do the practice i didn &apos;t want to do with the prospect that the richest five girls are going to be in the room in the second stick , but he actually brought me a new and an entertaining experience .
and i wonder today , how much his vision of me as a strong and powerful girl in the sense of this sort of thing has been shaped to me as a man of strong , healthy and confident human beings .
this is just one example of how adults can make the imagination work in the imagination .
but as you can see , the examples of the puzzle are showing us not to imagine what we all would wish to imagine : it &apos;s not a space that we would all wish to see : it &apos;s a powerful to see itself as a powerful people .
our language is the societal changes that have been triggered in many cases by a technological change .
from the medical standpoint , you can say , of course , that my legs , the main mile , of titan and artificial health systems that allow people to actually use all their possibilities and their limitations that allow them to make their own destiny , and they can &apos;t make their own identity , they can make their own destiny .
so perhaps this technological change is clear because the fact that there was always another truth , which is that every human society can give a difference and very powerful , and that the human capacity to adapt , is our biggest plus .
the human capacity to adapt -- that &apos;s an interesting story because people always ask me to tell me about how i do against comfort in the presence of people , and i &apos;ll always be very uncomfortable with you , that sentence i &apos;m always doing , and i &apos;m always very uncomfortable with that .
that sentence of the notion of disagreement with awareness is that success or happiness depends on the idea of being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be disabled , without having to be able to be able to get the possible experience of a lifetime , or whatever people have been able to do with my disability .
but the truth is that we change , of course , we are also changing , and we &apos;re emotionally , or even the two is both the two is the same .
and i &apos;m saying that that &apos;s good .
celebrity limits are no obstacle that we have to be able to do with our lives better .
celebrity limits in just our lives .
and i &apos;m kind of stuck against my shadow .
sometimes i realize that he &apos;s very present , sometimes he &apos;s not able to see it , but he &apos;s constantly on me .
and i &apos;m not going to have the impact on the impact of a human being that we have .
there are limits in the existence of the challenges , and the challenges are only real , and every person is going to be able to get it , but the question is not to be able to get us wrong , but how we &apos;re going to get it to be clear .
so we &apos;re not just responsible for keeping people who we love to preserve the lives of the world , but they also make it work well .
and we don &apos;t really pay our kids if we give them a sense of not able to adapt .
you have to realize two things : to be amputated , to be amputated , and to the other people , it &apos;s not like i &apos;m disabled or not .
and to be honest , the only real and permanent disability that i have to put in a way is that the world is constantly saying , you can describe me with those diversity .
in our desire to protect people that are in heart and the cold , hard truth about their medical projections , or even a forecast for the quality of life that you expect to be responsible for .
maybe the current concept that is just that look at what it is in a broken way , and how we fix this , to each single one of the larger disability than a drug labs .
if we don &apos;t treat people properly , and not all of his forces and possibilities and evidence , we can also make the natural fight that you may have to lead , another disease .
we &apos;re making a human being worth a person for our society .
so we have to look at the main level of the second , and focus on all the human possibilities .
but most important , it &apos;s between perception of our mismatch and our great language , and there &apos;s a connection .
we should not try to neglected these challenges , or either , we shouldn &apos;t try to avoid them , nor should we be able to avoid them under the carpet , but it &apos;s about to recognize the odds of the possibility .
i think it &apos;s more like that , very clear to us that we don &apos;t necessarily have to overcome the argument , but we &apos;re going to give them a hug to use them to use them to be able to use a plastic filter and even a dance that we can do with it .
and maybe we can do it , against something natural , coherent and useful and useful and feel like that through their presence .
this year , we celebrate the 200 . birthday by charles darwin and when he was written 150 years ago , darwin has written in my eyes to something very true in human character .
i would like to call it a word : not the best of the way that it survived , and not the extent of its kind , can adapt to the best of the way that changes change .
of conflict , creativity is creativity .
not just from darwin &apos;s work , we know that the ability of people to survive and survive , from the struggle of the human mind , is to transform conflict .
so again , change and adaptation are the great skills of people .
and maybe we just know what timber is cut , if we &apos;re actually tested .
it &apos;s perhaps the point of mind , a sense of the fear , a sense of the elite , a sense of our own force .
we can give ourselves a bit of a conversation like this .
we can preach against a new meaning that goes beyond more than more than that .
maybe we can see against change as a change .
celebrity limits are a change for change that we haven &apos;t been able to have .
i believe the biggest damage we &apos;ve made ourselves is to believe that we should be normal .
so , who &apos;s normal ?
there &apos;s no normal .
there &apos;s the usual thing . the typical one , but not the normal . and would you really know the poor , gray person really want to learn if they were really ?
i think it &apos;s not a way .
it would be great if we can do this paradigm of normal versus another of the possibilities , and the strength to actually release a little bit more dangerous , and they invite the forces of very many children to make their own special and valuable skills in society .
what we found is that we &apos;ve always had people to be useful in the members of our society , to be useful and to make a contribution .
there &apos;s hints that the neanderthals have , 60,000 years ago , people with severe physical injuries and people may have been , because the life life in the survival means that people had value for society for society .
they don &apos;t have these people as broken and useless ; they were treated as something special and valuable .
a few years ago , i went to the city that i grew up in a field of red zone in the red zone , in the northeast of pennsylvania , and i was in front of a tomato sauce .
it was summer , and i had a lot of time .
and i hear , like a guy behind me , &quot; well , if that &apos;s not aimee weblogs . &quot;
and i &apos;m a flip of the elderly , and i had no idea who he is .
and i said , &quot; excuse me , sir , we know ? i can &apos;t remember them . &quot;
and he said , &quot; well , you may not remember me .
when i first saw her , i was bringing her out of my mother . &quot;
oh , so that &apos;s the one .
and of course it &apos;s made up , then , click .
this was dr. orphan , a man who i knew just from narratives of my mother , because i , of course , was two months late to my birthday .
the doctor &apos;s doctor &apos;s physician imaging , my mother was on holiday , and as i knew my parents , the man who brought me to the world at all .
and because i was born without a foreign language , and my feet would be able to turn off them , and just a few toes on this and a few toes at the other foot , he had to be the bad news .
he said to me , &quot; i had to say to your parents that you would never walk , and never be as usual as other kids or that you could never bring me a independent life , and then you &apos;ve just got me lying around . &quot;
and i found that he had collected my entire childhood school class , whether i had won in a single class in the second class if i had the chief chief in the second class for halloween for halloween , whether i had the scholarship or one of my cup of medicine .
and he called this part of the course of his course , the x factor of the human will .
you can &apos;t just stress how significant that factor of the life of a human being can be .
and dr. oscar said , he said , &quot; i &apos;ve learned that kids , if they don &apos;t even get told anything else , and even if they get a bit of aid , if they &apos;re going to be able to get their kids out , then they can achieve a lot of their lives . &quot;
you see , dr. lifestyles have changed .
he understood that medical diagnosis , and how someone can do it , two different things are different .
and i &apos;ve been thinking , in course , i think in time , if you were to ask me at 15 years of age if i had my prosthetics to be away from meat and bone soup , i would have no second to do .
i was really trying to make a normal job .
if you ask me this today , i &apos;m not sure .
and that &apos;s happening because i &apos;ve experienced something with my legs , not despite that experience .
and perhaps this change is also happening because i &apos;ve met so many people who have opened me to the doors instead of people who have been keeping me to the doors , i want to make a sense of the idea .
you see , it &apos;s really just a people who displays them , and they &apos;re able to manifest their forces , and they &apos;re through .
if you allow someone to activate your own , inner forces are so potent -- if you can do that , and you &apos;re able to open a door in a critical moment , you &apos;re a very good teacher for these people .
they &apos;ll bring them to the doors to open themselves .
the real meaning of the word &quot; striving &quot; is the &quot; s &quot; s .
it means something that is in one hand , the potential for potential .
again , what potential to do now , do we want to give up ?
in the &apos; 60s , in the u.k. , in the u.k. , they were converted into transportation systems .
they call this &quot; salvation dweller in america &quot; we call it &quot; elections . &quot;
the students are cut up for grades .
and the students are tested harder for a student , get the better teachers , so they get the better teachers , and so .
you &apos;ve got to give them a while for a period of time with a &quot; sufficient &quot; -- &quot; the grade &quot; was very good , they said , they were very smart , and they had a really good job of it .
and of course it &apos;s breaking your heart that the other way the squid was saying was , they &apos;re just sufficient .
and it was also the same for the three months .
but only those who are still in school -- except by the students who had thrown the school .
and in fact , in this study , the teachers were not going to be the u.s. .
the teachers didn &apos;t know that something was changed .
they were just told that they were the students , and that &apos;s the students with the grade , and they &apos;ve taught them something and they &apos;re treated .
the only real disability is a broken mind that was broken , no hope anymore , and he finds no more hopeful him , and he &apos;s not going to find any inherent sense of our natural capacity .
if we can create it , to help the human spirit , continue to hope to be beautiful and other people around them , and then we put our forces really positive .
if a mind has these qualities , we can create a new reality and new engineering design .
i &apos;d like to end with a poem that was written by a persian poet called swallowed in the 14th century , and by my friend , god knows , not the god &apos;s name , not the god &apos;s name , but the god who knows only four words and all the time , he says , &quot; come on , dance with me . &quot;
come , dance with me . thank you .
how would you want to be better than you &apos;re currently right ?
so suppose i said that , in some sense of your gene , there might be a better memory -- more precise , more powerful and faster .
or want to be able to be more educated , more force .
do they want to be more attractive and more confident ?
how would it be more like good health care ?
or maybe they &apos;re one of those who always has been asked after more creativity .
what would you like most ?
which one would you like to have if you could just have one ?
creativity .
how many people would choose creativity ?
raise your hands . let me see .
some . probably about as many as many people have gotten there .
that &apos;s very good .
how many would have to decide for a good memory ?
a few more .
what about fitness ?
a few less .
what is a longevity ?
ah , the majority . i like to do the same thing .
if you could just have one of them , it would be a different world .
is this all a graphic conceit ?
or is it possible ?
evolution is a constant theme here at the ted conference , but i &apos;ll give you a chance to give you a point of view of a doctor .
the great geneticists in the 20th century , including soldiers , who had a defense epidemic in the russian orthodox church , had an essay on the title &quot; nothing in biology does not make sense of meaning , but in the evolution of evolution . &quot;
well , if you &apos;re one of those who are not aware of the biological evolution , this would be a very good moment to get your breath away , and you &apos;ll take them a look at kathryn cargill -- i &apos;ll give you the personal ones , and maybe you can do anything else in kathryn cargill .
but if you accept biological evolution , you think about this : is it just about the past , or it &apos;s about the future ?
is it in other ways of being in it , or is it also .
this is another view of the tree of life .
in this picture , i have a bush , as a center of the branches , because if you look at the edges of the life , all existing species on the tops of these branches , they have survived , it has survived its environment , fitness , strength , has survived , it has been fitness and strength .
the human part of this kind of skeleton , far at the end , is what we &apos;re most interested in .
we branch from a common ancestor to modern chimpanzees , about six or eight million years ago .
in this time , there were 20 or 25 different species of species alive .
some of them have come and left .
we &apos;ve been here for about a few years ago .
it seems like we &apos;re right remote from the other parts of the redwood , but actually , the biggest measure of the redwood is quite the same basic mechanisms of cells .
is it clear that we can take advantage of it and the mechanisms of a common bacteria that can produce the protein of human engineering , which is used to treat obesity ?
this is not like imperial ; this is the same protein that is chemically more powerful from what &apos;s coming out of the pancreas .
and what we &apos;re talking about is bacteria , you know , that each of us in our gut is getting more bacteria than it &apos;s the cells in the rest of our bodies ?
maybe 10 times as many .
i mean , think if antonio damasio said to your sense , think about the bacteria ?
our gut is a wonderfully accurate environment for these bacteria .
it &apos;s warm , it &apos;s dark , it &apos;s wet , it &apos;s very comfortable .
and you will all be to them that you could have just wanted to offer without some effort in your way .
it &apos;s a very easy way to get bacteria from unintended visions , seemingly forced to conclude .
but otherwise , they &apos;re a wonderful environment for these bacteria , as they &apos;re important for their lives .
they &apos;re helping by digestion nutrients , and they protect them against certain diseases .
but what will be going to do in the future ?
is we in a kind of evolutionary equilibrium in a species of a species ?
or are we being able to become something else -- something that might even be adapted better to the environment ?
now , let &apos;s go back to a step back at the time of the big bang , a few trillion years ago -- the earth , the solar system , about four and a billion years ago , the first evidence of living organisms , maybe three to four billion years ago , could be the first biggest signs of living .
in this huge unfinished symphony , life &apos;s life is just a bit of a sudden -- the animal kingdom , how a single single stroke of life , and the human life , a little bit of a child .
that &apos;s us .
this is also the main language of this speech , so i hope , d ate it .
now , when i was a ph.d. school , i had my first job of training .
i was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology .
i fell in love with the power of evolution , and i found something very fundamental : most of the existence of life in producing organisms , each cell , each cell , and all the genetic information of the cell is going to lead in two daughter .
but at the time , as a result , as a polar organisms , things began to change things .
it &apos;s reproduction .
and very important , with the introduction of sexual reproduction , the one that is the one that is going to be able to grow the rest of the body .
in fact , you could say that the average rate of death of our body is to enter the same moment that sexual reproduction .
i have to confess , if i was a ph.d. party , i thought , okay , sex / death , sex / death , death in sex -- it seemed quite sensible to have been on the point , but with every year , it seemed to be my increasing doubt .
i &apos;ve come to understand the feelings of george burns , who in las vegas show his show in the &apos; 90s .
and one night , there &apos;s one pat in his book .
he opens the door .
it &apos;s a beautiful fraction of his brain .
she looks at him and says , &quot; i &apos;m here for ted . &quot;
&quot; that &apos;s wonderful , &quot; says george , &quot; i &apos;m going to take the soup . &quot;
i came to the realization as a doctor , that i was going to be able to make a goal of evolution , as the goal of evolution -- not necessarily reversed , just different .
i &apos;ve tried to maintain the body .
i wanted to keep healthy .
i wanted to reconnect the health to a disease .
i wanted to lead to a long and healthy life .
evolution is all about the cover of the genome , adaptation and survive generation after generation .
from a evolutionary standpoint , you can and i &apos;ve developed rockets for the genetic code to send the genetic code into the next stage to go to the ocean .
i think we would all be able to understand the mood , the woody everybody , when he said , &quot; i don &apos;t want to get immortality to work .
i want to do it by not die . &quot;
evolution doesn &apos;t necessarily mean the largest life .
it &apos;s not necessarily the biggest ones , the strongest , the fastest , and not even the smartest .
evolution is the creatures that adapt the best to their environment .
it &apos;s just the test of survival and success .
on the bottom of the ocean , bacteria are there , the main ones are the ones that are going to clean clean , if fish would have been there , it would have been a vacuum , the amount of fish that they have made in a deep environment .
so , what does that mean when we look back at the back , what happens in evolution , and how we think about the place of humans in evolution , and especially how we think about the next stage , i would say there &apos;s a series of options .
the first is that we can &apos;t move forward .
we &apos;ve achieved a way of equilibrium .
and the reason for that is that we have the first one to get in medicine , and they &apos;ve been able to get a lot of genes that would have been otherwise gone out from the population .
and secondly , we as a species have to do our environment so that we &apos;ve managed to adapt to us , and we adapt to them in the same way , and we adapt to them in the same way .
and by the way , we migrate and mix and mix us so much that you can &apos;t say longer is existing , for evolution , to be able to evolve .
a second possibility is that it &apos;s a evolution of the traditional way , of course , imposed from the forces of nature .
and the argument , here &apos;s the wheels of evolution , but they &apos;re sequencing the wheels of evolution .
and so far , if we &apos;re colonize planet , are going to be sufficient , to be sufficient , and the changes of the environment can produce evolution in natural ways .
but there &apos;s a third way to have a compelling , fascinating and terrifying possibility .
i call it a millennium development -- the new development that doesn &apos;t just , but led to us as a matter of a matter of choices that we make .
so , how could that happen ?
how could it be possible that we do this ?
so let &apos;s see the reality that people today have , in some cultures , make choices about their offspring .
they &apos;re , in some cultures , the choice to have more men than women .
it &apos;s not necessarily good for society , but it &apos;s what the individual and the family choose .
so think of it if it &apos;s not possible to choose the gender of your child , but also to prevent the disease , to prevent disease and prevent disease .
what if you could make the genetic change to be diabetes or alzheimer &apos;s disease or alzheimer &apos;s disease , or strokes that &apos;s risk of cancer or strokes ?
wouldn &apos;t you want to make these changes in your genes ?
if we &apos;re going to be able to do this kind of changes , these kinds of changes are increasingly possible .
the human genome project started in 1990 , and it lasted 13 years .
it &apos;s costing billions of dollars .
the next year , when it was finished in 2004 , they could do the same thing for 20 million dollars in print .
today , you can base a sequence of three billion base base of the human genome at a price of $ 50,000 and in the room of about a week .
it won &apos;t take long time to be the reality that it will give the 1,000 $ 50,000 human genomes , and it will be increasingly available to anyone .
a week ago , gave the national academy of engineering the national academy for francis arnold and unknowable forests , two scientists that developed independently of the natural process of evolution to work faster and to make sure more proteins in a efficient way .
a few years ago , the u.s. scientist was convicted of a scientist named a photographer who took a adults , a career , and by the manipulation of only four genes , the cell induced able to get any cell in your body -- a cell in the situation , potentially can any cell in your body .
these changes are coming in .
the same technology that makes human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only protection before itself , but even against the immunity to other viruses .
whether you believe it or not , it &apos;s an experimental study in a gang with diabetes against influenza , which is being grown in the cells of a plant of a primate .
can you imagine something good that tobacco comes from tobacco ?
this is all reality , and in the future , there &apos;s a lot more possible .
now , imagine just two other little changes .
you can change the cells in your body , but what if you could change the cells of your descendants ?
what if you could change the sperm and print or your newly reliable egg to a human life -- eliminating diabetes , preserving the energy distribution , eliminating the risk of cancer ?
who doesn &apos;t want a healthier children ?
and then the analytical technology , the same engine of science can allow the changes to prevent disease , could allow us to adopt the disease of the way , to adopt disease , to help us have the better memory .
why didn &apos;t the tudor one was wearing a ken terry unless you can expand it to the next generation of the world ?
why not have the fast oil industry that will allow you to run faster and longer ?
why no longer live ?
these are going to be transformative .
and if we &apos;re in a place where we can pass it to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we want , we will be converted from evolution to evolution .
we &apos;ll have a process that requires that in the rule that might require 100 years , and we can compress it into a thousand years -- and perhaps the next 100 years .
these are choices with their grandchildren , or their grandchildren , to be mixed up .
do we use these choices to form a society that is better , the more successful is more friendly ?
or will we release different attributes that we want to have for some of us , and not for others ?
will we be able to form a society of shapes and scope and abundance ?
these are the kinds of questions we need to be able to meet .
and the most deepest thing , will we ever be able to develop the wisdom , and the wisdom of the world that we need to be able to make these choices ?
in good , as you may think , and as you may think , these decisions are going to be us .
thank you .
i want you to imagine now , a portable robot that gives you a lot of your ability to give you a lot of your ability , or another , the way that it helps you to stand up again and go up .
we &apos;re at berkeley called these robots .
they &apos;re not different than something that you can put in morning and put them on the morning , and it gives you additional strength to help you keep your balance .
that &apos;s indeed the real melting of human and machine .
but not only do you -- that you can merge and connect with the universe and other devices .
it &apos;s not just a crazy idea .
and to show you what we &apos;re working on , we &apos;re starting to talk about the american soldiers , who have about 100 pounds on his back , and it &apos;s the request for you to carry more equipment .
of course , this leads to some major complication -- disaster , 30 percent of them -- chronic health capital .
so we thought we would take us this challenge and create a solar system that would help us deal with this problem .
so let me introduce you now to a moment -- or human universal references .
soldier : with the street , i can carry 200 pounds on the incremental terrain for many hours .
it allows flexible design to make up crawl in crawl , to perform highly agile movements .
it feels what i want to do , and then i get my strength and resilience .
we &apos;re so far to imagine this device that we &apos;re going to do this new version of this year .
so it &apos;s true .
now let &apos;s put our look at the wheelchair , something that i &apos;m particularly passionate about .
there are 68 million people who are estimated the world &apos;s been in the wheelchair .
that &apos;s about one percent of the population .
and that is , indeed , a conservative estimate .
we &apos;re talking about a lot of people with spinal cord injury , which in the midst of their lives -- &apos; 20s , &apos; &apos; 30s -- from fate was given to the fate and the wheelchair is the only option .
but it &apos;s also about the aging population , which is , you know , are you going to get a lot of them .
and so pretty , just the only option -- if it &apos;s a football race , or about other complications -- is the wheelchair .
and so it &apos;s been 500 years , by the way , for the way i say , very successful , a successful successful introduction .
so we thought that we could start to write a completely new chapter in order to write .
let me introduce you to a moment that by amanda adams , that &apos;s carried in 19 years ago that she had been diagnosed with the result that they didn &apos;t go anymore , and now it was now .
thank you .
as i said , amanda is our main investment .
it &apos;s got sensors .
its fully weak sensors on crutches , the signals that are attached to our egg , the signals that it &apos;s attached to your back .
there &apos;s also a lot of land that &apos;s been wasted on your lap , as well as your favorite amount of land that you move forward into this pretty much sort of drill and a very natural gait .
i was 24 years old and in a lot of times , as a bribe ambassador , during a refugee accident i was making myself a lot of myself .
i lost every feeling of every second , and every movement underneath my apartment .
not long after that , a doctor in my hospital hospital , and he said , &quot; amanda , you &apos;ll never go again . &quot;
and that was 19 years ago .
he &apos;s making a sense of hope from my consciousness .
and adding together , i &apos;ve been learning to go back to try and climb back again , to climb up , to go back to the hands .
but nothing was invented to me again , until now .
thank you .
as you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to meet us and discuss with them .
it &apos;s in our hands , and we have the whole potential here to change life from future generations -- not just for the soldiers , or for amanda here , and all the wheelchair , but for the everyone .
thank you .
in new york , i &apos;m boss of division of the organizing organization called robin hood .
if i don &apos;t get the poverty up , i think , as a matter of a staff , i &apos;d like to take a fire with a volunteer fire .
well , in our city , in the volunteers , in the volunteers , they have to be pretty early on , to be able to be able to be able to be able to communicate .
i remember my first fire .
i was the second volunteer at the age of training , so i had a pretty good chance to be in .
but it was still a staff against the other volunteers to achieve and figure out what our assignments would be .
when i found the final bombsight , he had a very serious conversation with the standard of music that was certainly one of the worst days of their life .
it was the middle of the night and she stood in the wake of the day and barefoot under a screen in the frozen rain , while her house was burned in flames .
the other volunteers , the first few years ago , was called him martin luther -- got the first first to go to the house and was asked to save the dog &apos;s dog and save the dog &apos;s dog .
the dog ! i was loud on your heart .
there was some lawyer or a federal lawyer who was now going to tell the rest of his life to tell people that he was going to have a house in a house to save a living organism , only because it was five seconds faster than i do .
well , i was the next one .
the most powerful thing is to be involved .
he said , &quot; bezos , you must go into the house .
you have to go up to the fire , you have to get to the fire , and you have to get some shoes . &quot;
i swear to god .
well , not exactly what i would hope i hoped , but i went out to go back the hallway , the hallway go down to the real &quot; true &quot; unclear line , which is just so done in the bedroom that was just so done .
i know what you &apos;re thinking , but i &apos;m not a hero .
i wore my prey back to the bottom , where i met my firsthand and the beloved dog .
we put our value out on the ground , where , not surprisingly , it had been more attention than my favorite .
a few weeks later , the average minister was a letter of the telecommunications industry , which she &apos;s going to be able to do for the brave action of the house .
an important estimated kindness : somebody had even brought her to some shoes .
both in my profession with robin hood , i &apos;m witnessing generosity and kindness , i &apos;m a huge bit of generosity and kindness at a scale , but i also see the vulnerability and the security council of the individual .
and you know what i &apos;ve learned ?
they &apos;re all important .
so if i see myself in this room , and people see that either already has achieved a success success , or on their way , i want to offer you the memory of the day : don &apos;t wait .
don &apos;t wait to make a difference in life in a different way until you &apos;ve achieved your first million .
if you have something to give you something , you &apos;ll give it .
do they use a train in a refugee camps , and they &apos;re on a park in the neighborhood .
be a mentor .
not every day , we will give us a chance to save the lives of a human being , but every day we give us the opportunity to change one .
so , you go ahead ; save your shoes .
thank you .
oh bruno : mark , come back , come back .
thank you .
i &apos;m just coming back from a community to the most famous of humanity &apos;s secret .
a place where women are going to lead to the team , &quot; hello , &quot; and the game is that the day , which is a serious business .
and no , it &apos;s not rocket science or a san francisco .
ladies and gentlemen , their familiarity .
this is the world of wild bonobos in the pacific river .
bonobos are together with chimpanzees our closest living related groups .
that means we have a shared ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago .
now , chimpanzees have been known for their tradition .
but unfortunately , we have this aspect of information in the narrative of human evolution .
but bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
while chimpanzees are highly , fear of men are run , the most peaceful female lead to the disease .
they really come up with what &apos;s been done , because that leads to a very broad society that has never been seen .
but unfortunately , bonobos are least known by primates .
they live in the depths of the congo , and they &apos;re just very difficult observation to see .
congo is a paradox -- a country extraordinary diversity and beauty , but also the heart of darkness itself -- the arena of a violent argument that has been served for decades and almost as many lives required as the world war .
it &apos;s not surprising that those destruction are actually being threatened by the bonobos .
and the decline of the death row , you can &apos;t even fill a stadium with the remaining bonobos -- and even there &apos;s not safe to be honest .
and yet , in this country of violence and chaos , you can hear a little laugh that the trees are upset .
who are those related ?
we know it as &quot; love rather than war , because they have surely been allowed , also also with sex , with computational partners , and the rules of conflict and social thinking .
i &apos;m not saying that , that would be the answer to all the humanitarian problems -- because the life of the bonobos is more than the gay age .
bonobos -- like humans -- love , love to play your life .
game doesn &apos;t just mean anything else .
for us , it &apos;s a fundamental problem for connecting connection and the care of tolerance .
and we learn that we &apos;re learning the rules of the game .
play grows creativity and resilience , and it &apos;s all about the creation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , variety of behaviors , diversity of things , diversity of compounds .
and when you &apos;re watching bonobos at the game , you see the evolutionary origins of human affairs , dance and rituals .
play is the most potent that we &apos;re going to do .
well , i don &apos;t know how they play , but i want to show you some unique footage right from the wild .
first of all , a computer &apos;s worth of command -- and i don &apos;t think in a football way .
so here &apos;s a young female and male in a row .
look at what you &apos;re doing .
that could be the evolutionary root issue : &quot; it puts it in the eggs . &quot;
just i think it &apos;s more like it , right ?
yeah !
so , these are common , both with bonobos as well as people .
and this video is really interesting because it shows -- and this video is really interesting , because it shows the case that you can take new elements and promote new elements -- like the testes -- and also how the game is making it huge and profitable .
but the game is a huge accident .
play is a routine , and it can adopt many shapes , some of which some quiet are quiet , more likely -- perhaps to discover the amazement again .
and i want to show you , this is a little female , a young female , and she plays with water .
i think just as they play , we sometimes play , and we &apos;re going to protect our inner limitations and the outside worlds .
and it &apos;s that playful curiosity that makes us explore , and interact with it , and the unexpected link that we &apos;re creating are the real breeding breeding systems .
this is just a little taste of the glimpses , the bonobos , the bonobos and the present .
but it &apos;s also a secret to our future , a future that we need to adapt to rising challenges , by greater creativity and international international cooperation consumption .
the secret is that the game is the key to these skills .
in other words , play is our main capacity .
to adapt to a sustainable world , we have to play .
but will we do the best of our online business ?
play isn &apos;t silly .
it &apos;s essential .
bonobos and humans equally have life , and they don &apos;t have life and claws .
if it doesn &apos;t seem to be a game at the time .
and so , my favorite school , let &apos;s give it a gift of evolution and games in places as we have to embrace creativity and wonder about the creativity of arguments and wonder .
thank you .
i want you to imagine two pairs , in 1979 , at the same time , at the same time , each one is a baby -- okay .
so two couples each one is one baby .
now , i don &apos;t want to use the solitude , too much time , because if you don &apos;t think the whole time , you don &apos;t want to listen to me .
just imagine that for a moment .
and in this scenario , you imagine that in an event that you can actually carry a y of an y dioxide that &apos;s going to hit on the x chromosome .
and in the other case , that would be that support of a x chromosome that &apos;s hit on the x chromosome .
both of them are grain , both fire .
we come back to these people later .
i &apos;ve been two hats in the process of most of my activities .
i mean , in a hat , i &apos;m in the history of anatomy .
i &apos;m a nonprofit , historian , and in this case , i study how people were concerned about anatomy -- that means human body , animal bodies -- like it &apos;s believed in bodies with the waters of the ocean .
the other hat that i &apos;ve worn in my work is the activist , the activist , or , as i say , as opposed to an baxter lawyer -- of people who are patients of doctors .
in this case , i &apos;ve worked with people who have been working on the social norms .
so , for example , i &apos;ve worked with people who are identical twins , two people in a body .
i &apos;ve been working with people with mit with a lot of work -- so people who were smaller than the common .
and i &apos;ve been working with people who are working on their local lives , so people who are struggling with the average male or female leaders .
and as a general term , we can use the word of computer imaging .
and it &apos;s coming in many different shapes .
i &apos;m just going to give you a few examples of the kinds of engineers that are not the male or female standard .
in one case , you may have somebody with a bare scale of wood and the most tropical gene leaves the y chromosome that &apos;s all we &apos;ve all got to stage at the stage .
and so the testes to the lowest stage testosterone is testosterone .
but because this individual the receptors are missing the receptors , not to understand the body on testosterone .
and that &apos;s called a test camp .
so a lot of testosterone , but not a reaction to it .
and as a result , the body has been following over the typical female course .
when the kid &apos;s born , it looks like a girl .
she &apos;s a girl . she &apos;s raised as a girl .
but it &apos;s mostly taken until you reached puberty and grow their breasts , and they &apos;re not getting their period , until someone is going to get there , that &apos;s something different .
and they &apos;re doing some tests and finding them , rather than a little bit of a bit of a mess and terminal , really testes yourself in itself , and that you have a y chromosome .
it &apos;s important to understand that you could think of this person &apos;s first male , but they &apos;re not really .
women , like men , have something that is called a difference .
they &apos;re in the back of our body .
and the behavioral pathways are unemployment , which is called emergent hormones .
most women , as i -- i think , is a typical woman -- i think i don &apos;t know my real job , but i think i probably have the typical -- most women like i actually speak to buddy .
we produce the same way we &apos;re talking to buddy .
the consequence is that somebody like i actually had a brain that was exposed to more sacred than a woman who was born with testes , and a half of the time .
so gender is really complicated ; there &apos;s not only in the middle of the spectrum of gender -- in some sense , you can be spread across the whole range of levels .
another one : a few years ago , i received the call from a 19 man who was born as a boy , who was a friend , had his girlfriend lived as a man , lived with his girlfriend , who was a man , he had a clue .
he had an extreme form of a innate family .
he has failed chromosome chromosome , and in the womb , his average area was so strong that they have been essentially a male soldier .
and as a consequence , his shoulders in his head were brought up to be the most brutal male part of the orchestra .
and when he was born , he saw a boy -- nobody had a long time .
and only when he was 19 years old , he got enough medical problems , in fact , because it &apos;s within the terrorist , the doctors found that he was inside the inner female .
okay , just a quick example of a tool of catastrophe .
some people with the same chromosomes , a little bit of the climate is called the climate change , which is called the european union fiber &apos;s climate change .
we don &apos;t know why this is happening .
so , gender can occur in many different varieties .
the reason why children with this kind of body -- is it highly valuable or identical twins , it &apos;s been used -- by surgeons often tend to be adapted to the norm , because it &apos;s a physical health of advantage .
in many cases , these people are totally healthy .
the reason why they &apos;re doing a lot of experiments do do a lot of surgical surgeries because they threaten our social expectation .
typically , our system is based on the idea that one of them is an individual of them with one of the things .
so we have the idea that a woman is being to be a female identity , a black person is supposed to be , supposedly , an african anatomy in terms of its own history .
so we have these awful simple things .
and if we &apos;re confronted with a body that actually makes us something very different , then we get to some of these kinds of titles .
so we have a lot of romantic ideas about intrinsic ideas .
and our nation is really based on extraordinarily romantic conception .
now , you can imagine how amazing it is when children are born , the two individuals in a body are in one body .
where i had been at the last time , the african runner was expert south , the african descendants was elected last year whose gender world world bank has asked in berlin in berlin .
many journalists , i asked myself to ask the question , &quot; what do you find that you &apos;ll do , which tells us if you &apos;re female supermassive female female female or male ? &quot;
and i had to explain the journalists that there &apos;s no test .
now we know that gender is complicated enough that we have to admit that nature is not a line of male and female and female and female and females , we &apos;re the ones that we &apos;re doing as natural as we do .
so we have a situation where , in the way , we have to be able to say that these categories that we &apos;ve given to robust anatomic categories , which made very simple assignments for resilient amounts of tasks , a lot of necks is when we &apos;ve been imagined .
and that &apos;s not just about gender .
it &apos;s also in terms of race , which is as much more complicated than our consumer culture .
we started out in our observation sets in all kinds of different areas .
we run for instance , for example , that we have at least 95 percent of our dna with chimpanzees .
what do we need to do with the fact that we &apos;re just going to differ from a few different scales ?
while we keep our science further forward , we &apos;re increasingly entering a zone of the state of the dopamine , which we have to acknowledge that the most complex categories we had probably too simple .
we see that in all kinds of human life .
one of the areas that we see in the world is in our cultures today , in our modern culture , in the world today , the fighting are the beginning and the end of life .
we have hard conversations about what point a body is to people , so that it &apos;s a different way of experiencing life .
we have very difficult conversations today -- maybe not as public as a public in medicine -- about the question when someone is dead .
our ancestors had never been so hard to fight when someone was dead .
you &apos;ve probably kept somebody in the nose , and if you moved it , you didn &apos;t bury them .
if you didn &apos;t move it up , you &apos;ve buried it .
but today , we &apos;re in a situation where we &apos;re going to take people vital organs and they want to put them in other people .
and as a result , we get to get the struggle with the really tough question when someone is dead , and that makes us really hard to get us in a really difficult category as we used to .
now , you might assume that the whole crash would be able to do the entire crash .
i &apos;m a politically efficient , i &apos;m killing people with unusual bodies , but i have to admit , i &apos;m nervous .
to understand that these categories are really much more insecure than we thought , i &apos;m killing myself .
and it makes me tick , in terms of thinking about democracy .
to tell you about this tension , i &apos;ve got to first card card stations to be a big fan of founding founding founding .
i know they were going to be able to be searched , i know they were going to be executed , but they were great .
i think they were so much more sensitive and strong , and so radical , in what they did , i &apos;ve been able to see the most primitive part of the world in 1994 , and it &apos;s not because of the music that &apos;s absolutely forgotten .
it &apos;s because what happened in 1984 with the entire vaccine .
the founding fathers were from my view of the original preservation preservation , which is so .
what she was doing was a anatomic concept , and they were replacing it by another , which was radical and beautiful , and it was a few years for us to be central .
as you all remember , our founding founding the concept of the monarchy of the monarchy and the monarchy was made in the main kind of a continuous concept of anatomy .
the ignore of the ancient world didn &apos;t have a concept based on dna , but they had a concept of the internet .
they had a concept of blue blood .
they were the notion that people who had the political power , they should have the political power , because of the most prolific family &apos;s rights from the grandfather to the son , and so on .
the founding fathers , the idea , back to the idea , and they ran through the other anatomic concept , and this concept said that all the people are creating the same family .
they &apos;re able to play the field field , and decided that liberals interact to see the common ones , and that was very radical .
now , they did this because they were part of a very fragile system , in which two things are combined in common .
democracy grew up , but at the same time , science has grown up .
if you look at the story of founding founding founding , many of you are very interested in science , and they were very interested in science in a world of a world .
they went away from explanations like , and includes meadows , like a supernatural concept of power , where the transmission on a very moist sense of birthright , where the transmission on a very weak sense of birthright .
they moved to a very similar concept .
and if you look at the declaration of independence , you talk about nature and the god of nature .
they &apos;re not talking about god , and the nature of god .
they &apos;re talking about power nature to tell us who we are .
and as part of that , they gave us a concept called logarithmic culture .
and so they &apos;ve been prepared to be the future civil rights movement .
they didn &apos;t think about it , but what they &apos;ve done for us was great .
so what happened after that ?
for example , women who have the right now to vote out the concept of the founding , the concept of founding founding , is that desertification is common more important than the anatomic priority , and they said , &quot; we should have a womb and morality is the right way , etc . &quot;
and women are successful at successful .
so , next thing was the successful civil rights movement , where we saw people like the telltale patterns that are worth it , &quot; i &apos;m not a woman ? &quot;
we find men in the front row of the canopy companies who say , &quot; i &apos;m a man . &quot;
again , people different color that refers to anatomic common as regards along via professions , again .
we &apos;re seeing the same thing with the main population .
of course , the problem is that , as we start looking at the common common , we need to start asking all of the way to why we maintain certain strains .
now , mind you , i want to maintain certain sailors , regardless of my culture , in our culture .
for example , i want to give a fish to the same rights as a man .
i don &apos;t want to say that we should take off the anatomy .
i don &apos;t want to say that five to the right , to give your informed consent to sex or to marry .
so there are some anatomic strains that make me sense , and we think , i think , should be keeping .
but the challenge is to try to figure out what it is and why we keep them , and if they &apos;re making sense .
so let &apos;s come back to these two creatures that have been obtained at the beginning of the talk .
we have two creatures , both in 1979 , both the same day .
imagine that one of them , maria , three months of birth , was born , so it &apos;s born on june 1980 .
henry , on the other hand , is born to be born , so he &apos;s born on one march 1980 .
because because of the fact that maria were born three months of west , they get all kinds of three months ago , novel brilliant sex , the right of sex , to have the right to choose the right .
henry must wait for all of these , not because he &apos;s actually a different biological age , except by the end of the name of his birth .
we find other oddities of what their rights are .
henry , because you think it &apos;s male -- although i don &apos;t say it &apos;s a little bit of the mit -- because you think it &apos;s male , he can actually move into , what mary does not have to be moved .
maria still cannot perceive the same thing , the henry in all states , who has henry in all states , and that &apos;s the right to marry .
henry can marry a woman in every state , but maria can only marry a woman in a few states .
so we have these persistent anatomical collapses that are so problematic and questionable .
and for me , the question of : what are we going to do , because our science advances in the field of anatomy is that we have to achieve a point where we have to admit that democracy is based on anatomy , it could be diminished ?
i don &apos;t want to give up science , but at the same time , it feels like science is its own .
so where do we go ?
it seems like our culture would be a kind of pragmatic posture , &quot; good , we need to pull a line , so we &apos;ll pull it out . &quot;
but a lot of people get caught in a very strange position .
so for example , in a point , texas , at one point , decided that you have no y chromosome , and you have a woman to marry a woman , you have a woman to marry a woman .
now , in practice , people don &apos;t get tested on their chromosome .
but it &apos;s also very bizarre because of the story i told you about the ted debate .
if we look at one of the founding founding founding democracy , dr. martin luther king offers us in his &quot; i have a dream &quot; a kind of solution .
he says , we shouldn &apos;t be people to paint , but to the property of their character , &quot; judge , &quot; and goes out of anatomy .
and i want to say , &quot; yes , that sounds like a really good idea . &quot;
but how do you do that in practice ?
how do you judge people from their taste ?
i also want to point out that i &apos;m not sure that we should be able to distribute right into people &apos;s minds , because i have to admit that i have to say a series of golden trips that probably make benefits than some people i know .
i want to argue that i probably have some bright examples of the fact that i &apos;ve probably seen some bright habits , more intelligent and more mature choices to make their sexual relationships than some of the more i know .
so how do we make the question of the character of the character ?
it turns out that it &apos;s really difficult .
and part of me wonder what if the content of a personality would be something that would be made in the future -- through an engineering ?
do we really want to go into that direction ?
i &apos;m not sure where we go .
what i know is that it seems to be really important to think about the idea that the united states is leading to the question of democracy .
in our effort to do democracy , we &apos;ve done our right thing to do , and i think we would make our real job in the future .
we don &apos;t have the situation , like , in iran , in the case , where a man who is attracted to the other men who feel death is punished , because he &apos;s willing to participate in a career where he &apos;s going to stay alive .
in the way , that kind of exists in the way we don &apos;t exist .
i &apos;m happy to say that we don &apos;t have these states -- a surgeon that i spoke about a few years ago , which had a few twins who had been completed at once , to separate them , partly to make a name .
but when i was talking to him , and he asked him why he did these surgeries -- it was a huge surgeries for the country -- was his response to the country , these kids would be treated very poor , and so he had to do it .
i was saying , &quot; well , have it ever been due to political asylum rather than separate them ? &quot;
the united states provide incredible opportunities to be people who are being able to be the state , without that they have to change the state of will .
so i think we need to be leaders .
all right , just to finish , i want to notice that i &apos;ve talked a lot about the fathers .
and i want to think about the opportunity to think about democracy , or looked at what would have looked like we had a more involved .
and i want to say something radical is radical , and i think there might be some kinds of insight that might give up different kinds of insights , which are the anatomy , when people apply a security program .
i &apos;ve been interested in the research in the age of being interested in the research in the world for years .
and one of the things that i really found interesting is the difference between men and women in ways of being thinking and doing the world .
what we &apos;ve learned from studying multiple studies is that women , on average -- not any , but on average -- more complex social relationships and care for people that are in the group of vulnerable to people , in a very much sense .
and so , if we think about it , we have an interesting situation to us .
years ago , when i was a graduate student , i asked a graduate student who knew my interest in feminism -- i looked at a feminist , so it was a really curious question .
he said , &quot; tell me what &apos;s glamorous female . &quot;
and i thought , &quot; well , that &apos;s the stupidest question i &apos;ve ever heard .
feminism is about gender degrees , that &apos;s not terribly female .
but the more i thought about his question , to the way , i thought that would be something more lifelike in feminism .
it could be something that could give women brains differently , which makes female brains different from male relations with male relations and more sensitive to the security community .
so where the founding fathers were extremely addicted to figuring out how individuals could be protected before the state of the state , we can &apos;t just be able to understand a concept of not just how to protect it , but how we can care about each other .
and maybe it &apos;s where we have to go in the future if we have to be able to think about anatomy -- less than the individual bodies of thinking about identity , and more about relationships .
so that , if we try to make a people to make a more sustainable connection , we think about what we can do .
thank you .
i &apos;m a ph.d. , and this is my suitcase .
but before i show you what i &apos;ve got , i &apos;m going to make a very public confession , and that &apos;s : i &apos;m obsessed with outfits .
i love to find a different kind of original kind of thing to find such a kind of crazy outfit , which also has been shot to photograph and blog .
but i don &apos;t buy anything new .
i get all my clothes from second hand on tape and in southern l.a .
thank you .
and i &apos;ll give you the impact of my health plan , and also to reduce the impact of my reputation .
i meet all kinds of great people ; my dollars for common means a good job , and i &apos;m quite unique , and it &apos;s going to make a lot of personal science .
i mean , what am i going to find today ?
will it be my size ?
will i like the color ?
is it going to cost less than 20 dollars ?
if all of you can be loud , i feel like i &apos;ve won .
i come back to my suitcase , and i &apos;ll tell you what i &apos;m here for this exciting week at ted .
i mean , what do you bring with this as many year-olds ?
so i &apos;m going to show you exactly what i brought with me .
i brought seven of their underwear , and that &apos;s all .
so , defenders for that one week are all of what i &apos;ve done in my suitcase .
i &apos;ve bet i &apos;ll have anything i would have to be able to do , if i just had to get palm springs from there .
and since you don &apos;t have heard of me as the woman who walks up at ted in your underwear -- that &apos;s what i &apos;ve found , i &apos;ve found a few things .
and i just want to show you my outfits , for this week .
does that sound good ?
and as i do that , i &apos;ll tell you some of the lessons that i &apos;m doing , you know , you &apos;ve learned some of the lessons , or not having learned from these policy books .
let &apos;s start with sunday .
i call this the luminous tiger .
you don &apos;t have to spend a lot of money looking nice .
you can almost always look great for less than 50 dollars .
so , all of this outfit , including the coat , i paid 55 , and it was the most expensive piece that i &apos;ve carried in this whole week .
monday : color is a little powerful .
it &apos;s almost physiologically impossible to be compassionate if you &apos;re wearing pants in pants .
if you &apos;re happy , you &apos;ll get other people &apos;s happy people .
tuesday : adapting is totally stimulated .
i spent a lot of time in my lifetime trying to be trying to be myself and adapt to me at the same time .
be just who you are .
if you surround yourself with the right people , you don &apos;t just understand it , you &apos;ll appreciate it .
wednesday : embrace your inner child
and sometimes i say people , i would be able to be playing , &quot; i &apos;ll hear you hear &quot; hi &quot; or i &apos;ll remember her seven-year-old .
i smile , and i say , &quot; thank you . &quot;
thursday : confidence is the key .
if you think you &apos;re looking good at something , it &apos;s almost like that .
and if you think you &apos;re not good at something , you probably have it right .
i grew up with a mother who taught me the day for day .
but only when i got 30 , i really understood what that means .
and i &apos;ll wrap that up for you .
if you believe that you are inside the inside , and you &apos;re the right person , there &apos;s nothing you can &apos;t wear .
so there &apos;s no excuse for anyone here in this audience .
we should be able to rock it , and what we want .
thank you .
friday : a universal truth -- five words : golden sound adapt to everything .
and finally , saturday , a own , unique , personal style , is a great way to tell the world something about a word without saying a word .
it was always proven to me and again , when this week came to me , it just just because of what i was wearing , and i had great conversations .
obviously , that &apos;s not going to fit all of my little suitcase .
so before i go home to brooklyn , i &apos;ll give you all the time .
because the lesson i &apos;m learning for this week is that it &apos;s okay to let go .
i don &apos;t have to get these things emotionally wrong , because the corner will give up the way it &apos;s always a crazy bit of a crazy kind of crazy , processed outfit , that &apos;s just waiting for me to be a little bit of the heart and it &apos;s looking for .
thank you very much .
thank you .
good afternoon , everybody together .
i have something i want to show you .
think of this as a function of flying air .
that &apos;s what we call our lab , design design .
let me tell you a little bit about it .
now , if you take this picture -- i &apos;m an italian , and every boy in italy is growing in his room , but the reason i &apos;m going to show you is that in the formula one has something really interesting about the formula for decades .
so some time , if you wanted to win a formula , you took your budget , you would have budget and put your money on a good driver and a good car .
and if the car and the driver was good enough , they won the race .
now , you need to get a race , actually , if you want to win a race , something like this -- something like this -- what the car is going to pass , some thousand sensors that pass information on the car , and then process it and then apply it to the same way as information .
this would be , in fact , a vaccine called a vaccine .
and basically , it &apos;s a system that has two parts -- a mass of immersion and a half of the time .
what &apos;s interesting now is the fact that we &apos;re going to come up with this .
our cities have been , in the last few years , with networks and electronics .
they &apos;re going to be in the free .
and as a computer in free , you start to react to some other way , and it &apos;s driven .
if we &apos;re going to make cities , it &apos;s actually a big thing .
by the way , i &apos;m going to mention that cities are only two percent of the earth &apos;s surface , but 50 percent of the world &apos;s population living there .
they &apos;re 75 percent of the oil &apos;s worth -- will cause 80 percent of carbon emissions .
so if we do something with the cities , it &apos;s a big thing .
so , over the cities , it &apos;s going to be all that sense and driving in objects of everyday life .
this is from an exhibition , paola versus moma , in the summer later , in the summer , organized .
it &apos;s called &quot; that . &quot;
well , all of our objects , our environment , we start talking to us .
in a sense , it &apos;s almost like any atom there , in the outside , a sensor and a pharmaceutical player .
and that &apos;s changing the interactions that we have in our environment .
in some way , it &apos;s almost like the old dream of michelangelo ...
you know , as michelangelo formed the moses , it means that he took the end of the hammer and him on moses -- actually , you can still see a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of his -- and said , &quot; dear online ? &quot; why don &apos;t you &apos;re talking ? &quot;
well , now , our environment is beginning to answer us for the first time .
i &apos;m going to show you just some examples -- again , to perceive the idea of the environment and power .
let &apos;s see with the sense of understanding .
now the first project i want to introduce you to is actually one of the first drugs in the lab .
it was taken in italy a four and a half years ago .
and what we &apos;ve done is actually actually a new kind of network of network that was used in the whole world -- that &apos;s a hot -- and its anonymous and fundamental information of this network that are collected from the operators , to understand how the city works .
summer was a happy summer -- 2006 .
it was won the chief of the automobile .
some of you will remember it as a italy in the france to the france , and then the end of the day , the main race .
and anyway , in italy , the end of italy .
now , you see what happened that day , just when the activity of the activity is happening in the network .
here you see the city .
you can see in the middle of the stream , the flow of the stream .
the morning , before the game .
you see the timeline .
early afternoon , people here , and there &apos;s the phone calls and moving it .
the game starts -- silence .
france makes a gate . italy makes an tor .
so tension , people make a little call call , go to the bathroom .
second tension , the normal are just born .
first of all , second , second .
it &apos;s a moment of aviation .
italy wins . yeah .
well , at that night , everybody was going to celebrate the center to celebrate .
they saw the big motivation .
the next day , everybody went to the center to meet the day and the prime minister at the same time .
and then all down .
you see the image of the spot horrible generator , where the rome are , for the rome , the people go to celebrate the celebrate -- to have a big party , and you see the truth at the end of the day .
well , that &apos;s just one of the ways we can feel the city today , in a way , in a way that we couldn &apos;t do it a few years ago .
again , another example of feeling : this is not about people , but it &apos;s about things that we use and consume .
now , today we know about how our stuff is coming .
this is a map that you put all the chips out of the chips , you &apos;ve got a mac computers , you &apos;d come together .
but we just know just about where things go .
so in this project , we &apos;ve designed some little markers to follow the waste while it &apos;s going through the system .
so we started with some volunteers that have helped us a little more than a year in seattle who have helped them to mark things that they &apos;re seeing -- different kinds of things , as you can see -- things that you would see .
we then have the little chips , the little brands , the little brands , they put it on the trash and started tracking it .
so here are the results we &apos;ve just got .
from seattle ...
after a week .
with that information , we realized that there &apos;s a lot of corn &apos;s system in the system .
we can do the same thing in which it &apos;s done with less energy .
the data was not available before .
but that &apos;s what happens to a lot of fun and complicated things .
the other thing is , we believe that if we see every day that the cup we throw away , it doesn &apos;t just disappear , they still still have it anywhere on the planet .
and the plastic bottle that we still throw away every day .
and if we show that people would be able to make change change , we can move a change change .
so that &apos;s the reason for this project .
my colleague at mit , m. s. rose , could you be able to perceive a lot more about the sense of understanding and the many other wonderful things that you can make with sense , but i want to talk to the second part of our environment that we &apos;ve discussed .
and the first project is something that we did a few years ago in northern spain , spain .
it started to be a very young question to us , and said that spain and the writer were a beautiful tradition of the public places as part of the architecture .
and the question was : how could we combine technology to connect new technology together ?
and one of the ideas that were being picked up in a brochure with a senior traces of the valves , you can imagine this tubes , and valves , it &apos;s opening up and close .
they &apos;re going to run out of what a body &apos;s worth of water with water .
if those high-speed vents fall down , they can write the patterns , images , text ads .
and they &apos;re going to come up with him , and he &apos;s going to open up to try to make them feel like you can see in this picture .
well , we introduced the mayor to describe .
it really would like him .
and we got the mission to design a building at the end of the expo .
we called it the digital water system .
the whole building was made out of water .
there &apos;s no doors , or the window , but if you &apos;re going to approach it , it &apos;s going to open up and let it go in .
the roof was also covered with water .
and if it &apos;s windy as you &apos;re still going to reduce the tags , you can even get the roof down .
or you could close the building , and the whole architecture is going to be , like , you know , this day , if you get the roof , you get pictures of people who were there and say , &quot; they &apos;ve destroyed the building . &quot;
no , they didn &apos;t destroy the building , it &apos;s just that architecture almost disappear .
here you see how the building works .
you see the person who &apos;s going to ask what &apos;s going on inside .
and here i &apos;m looking at the sensors that opened the water , to put the water that takes the water , not getting wet .
now , i should tell you what one night was going to be like all the sensors required .
but actually it was a more bigger fun in this night .
all the children from school came to the building , because the way they played with the building was very different .
no longer a building that would open up to you , but a building that is still kept silence and holes in water , you had to jump through now without getting wet .
and that was , for us , very exciting , because as architects , engineers , we think , we &apos;re always thinking about how people who are using things that we design .
but reality is always unpredictable .
and that &apos;s the beautiful thing to create things that are used and interact with people .
now , here &apos;s a picture of the building with the physical grid , the water &apos;s heat of water and the projection on it .
and this is what we &apos;ve got to think about the following project that i &apos;m going to show you now .
imagine if these were really able to do this kind of thing .
imagine if you could have little helicopters , you could have a little helicopter through the air , and each of you with a small plastic fiber with a light of light -- almost like a cloud that can move through the space .
here &apos;s the video .
imagine a helicopter , like the ones you saw earlier , who moves with other synchrony , completely synchrony .
you can have the cloud .
you can have a flexible screen or an ad , like these -- a smooth formation in two dimensions .
or irregular , but in three dimensions , where what changes is , the light is not the position of the state .
they can play with different kinds of ways .
imagine the screen just in different terms of the screen , or sizes , in different cases of different backgrounds .
but then the whole thing could be just a 3d cloud of corn , to go to the ones that you can walk , and you can see it through many , many directions .
here you see a real computer processing that &apos;s going to be able to shape the way that you were before a bribe v .
if you turn on the light , it looks like this . so just as we &apos;ve seen it before .
imagine that every single person being controlled .
it could have a single spike of pollen that &apos;s made of people , from the movements of people or something .
i want to show you something first of all .
we &apos;ve worked with the latest dancers industry , one of the best eight dancers of our time -- the metropolitan at the metropolitan theater in new york , and we had his movements in 3d printing to use it as a spike for the mouse .
you can see the video games .
on the left side , you see the most primitive , the different sensations .
it &apos;s a ph.d. at the same time and a nuclear physicist .
so you can feel the whole movement .
you can do that all the time .
but then , if we all have a brand of the entire oil industry , they can play with color and color and play .
we want to use that as a possible spike for the internet .
i want to show you the latest project we &apos;re working on .
it &apos;s something we work for for the olympics in london .
it &apos;s called the cloud -- the cloud .
and the idea is , again , imagine that we can engage people in the way that we do it , to change the environment , to change the environment -- almost like we call it a behavioral imperative , but with a cloud .
imagine that every one of these is going to give a little donation for a minimum of a pitch .
i think the remarkable one of the events of the events happened last years , the last several decades , that we &apos;ve changed from a physical world to a digital world .
they &apos;ve digitized everything , knowledge , and power it all over the internet .
nowadays , we can actually -- the first time -- and the campaign the obama has shown this -- we can change from the digital world , from the most degraded forces of the world .
that can be in our case , that we use it to design and create a symbol .
that &apos;s what &apos;s built in the city .
but tomorrow , it can be to us to ask us to ask ourselves the next challenges -- think of climate change or carbon emissions -- how can we then change from the digital world to the physical world .
so the idea is that we actually put people in the process where they are doing things together , collectively .
the cloud is back a cloud of heat , in the same way that a real cloud is a cloud of particles .
and these particles are water , while our cloud is a cloud of grass .
it &apos;s an intensely physical shape in london , but with a chess game .
they can move inside and make different kinds of experiences .
you can actually look at them from bottom , the most important moments for predictable 2012 , and beyond , and it &apos;s like the social community .
so both of the physical cloud in the sky and something that you can go to the top of the city like london &apos;s new mountain of light .
you can go inside .
and a kind of digital lighthouse in the night -- but as a matter of traffic , a new kind of experience for everybody who wants to go to the top .
thank you .
as an artist , i really care about the context .
i try to express that by my work , that people are not separate from nature and that &apos;s all connected .
the first time i was in antarctica almost 10 years ago , i saw my first 25th .
bc : me awe .
my heart was beaten , i was struggling with myself , and i was trying to summarize what was in front of me .
the eternity around me almost 60 meters of water , and i was able to wonder that that would a snowflake at a different snowflake , and i was able to wonder that that was a snowflake .
ideally , we &apos;re born as calf of a glacier or a rotate of notes .
each iceberg has its own individual personality .
they &apos;re interacting with very clear ways of their environment , their experiences .
some refuse to give up and pause until the bitter end , while others don &apos;t withstand and make a dramatic passion in a immediate order .
if you look at an iceberg , you &apos;ll think it &apos;s isolated , separate , and just just as we humans see people .
but the truth is far away .
as an iceberg melting , i &apos;m going to make his tactile atmosphere .
during the iceberg , it puts laser drinking water flowing , making lots of life .
i &apos;m going to go through my recordings of those manuscript as i would be portraits of my ancestors , in consciousness , that you &apos;ve been in these individual moments , and it never exists again .
it &apos;s not a death when you melt it ; it &apos;s not a end , but a sea &apos;s swimming down the cycle of your life .
part of the ice in the field that i &apos;m getting is very young -- a few thousand years old .
and part of the ice is more than a 100,000 years old .
the last images i &apos;d like to show you is an iceberg that i &apos;ve got to show you in southern greenland schools .
and it &apos;s very rare to actually witness a super iceberg .
here you see it .
on the left you see a little boat on the left .
this is about five meters long .
please look at the shape of the iceberg and where it &apos;s on the top of the iceberg .
you can see here , he starts roll , and the boat is moving to the other side , the man &apos;s standing there .
this is the average size of a transistor .
it reaches about 120 feet from the water , or 40 meters .
and this video is in real time .
and just so , the iceberg is another page of its personality .
thank you .
my life is really extraordinarily blessed by the work of some amazing projects .
but in the coolest thing i &apos;ve ever been working on , it was about this guy .
his name is unstoppable .
the main one of the world &apos;s leading family was one of the founding 1980s .
then , one day he came back , he came back , and he said , &quot; dad , my legs were burned . &quot;
and that was the eruption of war .
it &apos;s totally paralyzed today .
he can just use his eyes to be able to use it .
i was standing against him .
i have a company that makes design and animation do so that some of the things we admire in the world and watch .
so we decided to have tony --   and his thing .
i met with his father and his brother and said , &quot; we &apos;ll give you this money .
what are you going to do with this ? &quot;
and his brother said , &quot; i want to talk to tony again .
i just want to leave him again with him , and i said , &quot; wait a minute , i didn &apos;t see any paralyzed people -- can &apos;t communicate all the paralyzed people ? &quot;
and he said , &quot; no , only if you have to hear the higher probability of your diet and have a remarkable insurance , you can actually do that .
normal people are not available . &quot;
and i was like , &quot; how do you communicate ? &quot;
did anybody see the movie of the phone and the book of the book ?
that &apos;s how they communicate -- so they &apos;re walking along .
i was like , &quot; very strong , how can that be ? &quot;
so i came up with a need to just put a check on the horizon , and instead i asked a check from which i didn &apos;t know the slightest idea of how i should fulfill him .
i took a place to go and ask about his brother and his father , with the words , &quot; well , my suggestion is this : tony &apos;s going to be talking about this device , we &apos;ll get a way to get it back to the art .
because it is an farce that somebody who has still won that , it can &apos;t communicate . &quot;
so i spoke at a conference for a few months .
i met these people from elite school , graffiti research lab , and they have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface and then draw with a gps dioxide on the surface that just sees the negative area .
so they &apos;re pulling around and doing it as they do .
they say that all of the things that are displayed there , a life cycle .
it starts with the genital rabbit , and then the federal development , after the day , the most popular people are doing art .
but there was always a life life in your presentations .
so i went home and ate with my wife , and i told her about everything , and we thought , &quot; well , second time , if there &apos;s this technology , you could make a way that you can use your eyes to control things , then we should make a way that it &apos;s a lasers can control . &quot;
that was the beginning of the journey .
and about two years later , a year later , after a bunch of organization , a lot later , after a lot of organization , we &apos;ve reached some things .
first of all , we have the insurance companies that are going to be able to get the doors , and actually , for example , there &apos;s a machine that he can communicate -- a stephen hawking .
that was incredible .
and it &apos;s really an extremely funny -- i call him a joke , because you &apos;re talking to him , or you get an email , and you think , &quot; i &apos;m like this guy , this guy is incredible . &quot;
and also , we &apos;ve got seven programmer from all over the world -- literally from all the corners of the world -- to us home .
my wife , my children , and i moved into the garage , and these hackers and programmer and academics and adopted and adopted our house .
and many of our friends thought we were beautiful to do that , and we &apos;re going to all the images on the walls would be able to fly out of the walls .
but for over two weeks , we &apos;ve been programmed , we went to the hotel in venice , my children , my dog , and we created this .
it &apos;s called a handle on the horizon , and you can see the description .
this is a cheap road that we bought in the middle of venice , something of a sudden , and some of the things that go from the hardware and the prison system .
we took a car sample , they have a car tag , and we have a device on a field that &apos;s available , and now we can build it , we can build the code free , the software can download for free .
so we &apos;ve created a device that is completely free of limitations .
no insurance can be done .
no hospital .
and every paralyzed can actually communicate with his eyes , or draw .
thank you .
thank you very much . that was incredible .
so at the end of the two weeks , we went back to the depths of the two weeks .
i love this picture because it &apos;s the room of somebody else , and that &apos;s his room .
there &apos;s all this sort of original idea before the great revelation of the great revelation .
and after a year of planning , two weeks ago , he painted , walked back to the day , he painted the day after seven years after seven years .
and this is a bit of a picture , because this is his life life life , and he sees his life life life .
we &apos;ve tended to see it , so it can see after it &apos;s outside .
we put a projector with a wall of the front of the hospital in front of the hospital .
and he drew back to the first time , in the middle of his family and friends -- and you can just imagine what a feeling that was in the parking lot .
now , funny enough , we had to break in the parking lot , so we felt a part of the marine culture .
at the end , he sent us an email content for the first time , &quot; for the first time , i &apos;ve been doing something .
i feel that i was kept down under water , and finally , somebody &apos;s up to the bottom , and i can breathe my head up so i can breathe . &quot;
isn &apos;t that overwhelming ?
this is something like our own network .
that &apos;s where we hang on , and we still keep building us .
and we need to improve a lot of this device .
it &apos;s an amazing device , but it &apos;s a second one .
and somebody who has such artistic potential , deserves so much more .
so we &apos;re in the process of finding how to make it better , faster and stronger .
since that time , we &apos;ve all got the capacity of harmony .
we won some prizes .
remember , it &apos;s free , no one deserves .
it &apos;s all from our own pockets .
so , the awards were , &quot; oh , that &apos;s fantastic . &quot;
armstrong &apos;s rights , then , in december , we &apos;ve honored the most honored , as one of the 50 best inventions , which was really great .
the total thing is -- and that &apos;s the whole circle that &apos;s all around this april -- that it &apos;s a april of the entire circle in los angeles to show a show of &quot; kind of the &quot; kind of the &quot; kind of &quot; kind of the &quot; kind of &quot; kind of the &quot; kind of &quot; kind of the &quot; kind of &quot; kind of the &quot; kind of &quot; kind of the &quot; kind of &quot; kind of the &quot; kind of &quot; kind of the &quot; kind of &quot; kind of the &quot;
and there are probably so much the toughest representatives of the world &apos;s commercial -- coral , bitter enough , coral -- all these guys are going to be there .
it &apos;s going to be part of the show that &apos;s pretty sharp .
so , basically , i &apos;m about to say something that is impossible , then you can do it .
everything in this room was impossible -- this stage , this computer , the microphone , the microphone -- everything was impossible at some point .
do you make it possible -- you all have this one .
i &apos;m not a programmer , and i had never been able to do anything with the relationship , but i just got a little bit of it , and it &apos;s surrounded with amazing people so that we could put something on the legs .
and that question to each of you , and that &apos;s every single day , where you have a certain figure that has to be done , if not , when you don &apos;t know who ? and if you don &apos;t know who you can ?
thank you .
so , i write for kids , and i &apos;m probably the most educated of the population of the world .
and i &apos;m always telling people that i don &apos;t want to get a scientist .
you can have me as a farmer , or in leather , but nobody has ever voted farmer .
today i want to tell you about circles and empathy .
well , one enlightenment , for general , is that you find it because you &apos;ve lost it somewhere .
you go to the block of the block and take it as a revelation .
this is a painting of a circle .
one of my friends has made it -- richard forbid .
it &apos;s the kind of complicated circle i want to tell you today .
my circle started at the high school in the &apos; 60s at high school , ohio , where i was the main school .
i was the one who was beaten up every week in the european green and blue was beaten up until a teacher &apos;s life .
she saved my life by putting me the bathroom in the morning .
she did it .
she did it for three years .
and i had to go away from the city .
i had an thumb , i had 85 dollars , and i proposed to san francisco in california -- i found a lover -- and then in the 80s , i found it important to work on the expense of music .
about three or four years ago , i received a call call from the teacher , a call to a teacher , who said , &quot; i &apos;ve got to see you .
i &apos;m sad that we never learned each other as adults .
can you please come to ohio , and please come together with the man i know that you &apos;ve found it in now .
and i should mention that i have a lot of time , and i want you to go ahead . &quot;
well , the next day we were in cleveland .
we looked at them , we laughed , and we know , we were crying in a hospice .
we found one for them , we took them , and we took them , and we took them eight , and we gave them eight , because it was necessary to be able to do it , because it was necessary .
it was something we knew .
and just as the woman who was learning me , i was going to know , i turned her into a box full of her box , she turned into my hands .
what was happening was that the circle was closed , it was a circle -- and the revelation of that i &apos;ve talked about .
the revelation is that death is a part of life .
she &apos;s saved my life , and my partner and i rescued their way .
and you know , this part of life needs everything that is going to happen to the rest of life .
it takes truth and beauty , and i &apos;m so happy that this is a lot of mentioned here .
it takes it -- it would have been , love and pleasure , and it &apos;s to give us these things .
thank you .
imagine a huge explosion , while you go up to 1,000 feet up to a thousand meters .
imagine a plane full of smoke .
imagine that a engine engine , this process , preparing , seti , preparing , construct , construct , construct , construct , construct , construct , preparing , construct , preparing , warming , preparing , preparing , warming , preparing it .
that sounds scary .
well , i had a unique place on that day ; i sat down on my shoulder .
i was the only one who could speak with the translator .
so i looked at them the same , and they said , &quot; no problem , we &apos;ll have some birds . &quot;
the pilot were turned on , and we were not so far away .
you could see manhattan .
two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
the pilot did the machine for the hudson river .
that &apos;s not usually the route .
it switches down to the engines .
imagine a high-speed airplane .
and then he said three words -- the smartest words i &apos;ve ever heard .
he says , &quot; look at the impact . &quot;
i didn &apos;t have to talk to the translator anymore .
i could see it in your eyes , there was horror , life was to end .
i want to share with you three things that i &apos;ve learned about this day .
i learned that in a moment , it &apos;s all different .
we have these tools , we have these things that we want to do in life , and i thought to all the people i wanted to do , and it didn &apos;t work , all the experiences i wanted to make , all the experiences i wanted to make , all the experiences i wanted to do , and i didn &apos;t make it .
while i was thinking about it later , i realized , &quot; i &apos;m collecting bad wines .
because if the wine is there , and the person is there , i open it .
i never want to move through it .
and the urgency , that &apos;s a goal , has really changed my life .
the second thing i learned about this day -- and that was when we were the george washington bridge , so it &apos;s pretty much a width -- i thought , man , there &apos;s one thing i really did have a regret .
i had a good life .
in my own humanity and with my mistakes , i was really , really , to become better than anything i &apos;m going to do .
but i &apos;ve also given my ego , i &apos;ve given my ego .
and i &apos;m doing the time i wasted a lot of things on the planet for a lot of things to do something that means .
and i thought to the relationship with my wife , to friends , to people .
and then , after i thought about it , i decided to believe the negative energy from my life .
it &apos;s not perfect , but it &apos;s much better .
i didn &apos;t talk about a couple of years with my wife .
it feels great .
i &apos;m not trying to have a real thing , i &apos;ve got to be happy to be happy .
the third thing i learned -- and that &apos;s when the inside says , &quot; 15 , 14 , 13 , 13 , ... &quot;
you see the water coming .
i said , &quot; please , i put flying into the air . &quot;
i don &apos;t want this thing to break in 20 bits of time , as you know it .
as we crash out , i had this feeling , man , to die , is not terrifying .
it &apos;s almost like we &apos;d prepare our lives for our lives .
but it was very sad .
i didn &apos;t want to go ; i love my life .
and that sadness is really a thought of , because i just had one thing to do .
i just wish i could see my kids growing up .
i went to a month after that , i &apos;m a friend of my daughter -- convince me , not a lot of artistic talent .
not .
and i &apos;m going to be crying , i &apos;m crying like a little kid .
and in the world , everything makes sense for me .
i was clear at the time , by connecting the dots , that it &apos;s just about being a great father in life .
more than anything , everything else is my single goal in life , a good dad .
i became the miracle of moved in the day of dying that day .
i got another gift , which is to see in the future , and come back and live different .
my call to all that is going to be like , imagine , imagine the same thing that &apos;s going on on your flight -- please , but imagine it , and how would you change it ? and how would you change it ?
what would they do that they put it out because they think they &apos;re forever ?
how would they change their relationships and the negative energy in it ?
and more than anything else , are they the best parents who can be able to be able to be able to be able to be it ?
thank you .
the idea behind hudson is quite simple in itself .
we don &apos;t want iran to build the bomb .
the most important post there is nuclear nuclear weapons for the development of nuclear weapons .
the gray boxes you see here are the ones that are displayed .
if we can now get the systems to go to the ground , which is what you can actually control and the valves , we can actually do a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
these gray boxes don &apos;t run with shark fin soup ; they &apos;re based on a completely different technology .
but if we can create that , an effective thing on a laptop is a laptop that &apos;s used by a brand cell , and then we &apos;re in business .
and that &apos;s the planning planning behind reveals .
so we start with a safety net .
the amount of energy industry runs into the gray box , doesn &apos;t harm the centrifuge and the iranian airport to be able to participate -- mission was done .
it &apos;s a piece of cake , right ?
i want to tell you how we found that .
when we started our research in terms of six months ago , it was completely unknown , which was a sense of meaning and purpose of this kind of thing .
the only thing we knew is very , very complicated what the most unusual part of the most popular part , the most primitive part , he made of thousands of these kinds of problems .
and it seemed like something else to do with these gray boxes , these clementine peel rooms .
this was our attention , and we started a major project that we started with our environment with collaborators , and studied this process .
and then something funny happened .
novelty itself like a minimum amount of what our cheese didn &apos;t like -- didn &apos;t want to eat it .
that didn &apos;t make sense in my eyes .
and after we started experimenting with different kinds of cheese , i was going to be able to attack this .
completely on a certain target .
the main thing is going to float into the gray box on the gray box when a special configuration was discovered . even when the special program has been there , it &apos;s going to be working on this goal .
and if it doesn &apos;t , reveals anything about it .
so , i really got my interest , and we started working with it , almost around the clock , because i thought , well , we don &apos;t know what the goal is .
it could be , for instance , to say an u.s. plant , or the u.s. american power , or a vaccine factory in germany .
so we should be able to figure out what the goal is .
so , we &apos;re going to throw the most precise code , and we found that he &apos;s going to have a digital burden on a little bit of sand -- a smaller and a larger one .
and we also noticed that they were constructed very professional , by people who obviously had all of the information available .
they knew any bits and bits of bits that had to attack .
they probably knew the u.s. chief of the security industry .
so they knew everything .
and if you &apos;ve already seen that the average section of probability is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the science is a science for itself .
it &apos;s much more sophisticated than anything we &apos;ve ever seen .
here you can see a clip from this code .
we &apos;re talking about -- about 15,000 lines of code .
it looks pretty much like old-fashioned air emissions .
and i want to tell you how we could be smart from this code .
so what we were looking for first was the u.s. &apos;s rights of smallpox , because we know what that makes them .
and then we were looking for a lot of time and trying to bring this to the real world , to create potential goals in the real world .
so we needed theories about these goals that we could perceive or disagree with them .
to be able to come up with these theories , we call ourselves aware that it &apos;s definitely about solving a high-quality goal , and it &apos;s probably in iran because most of the infections are reported .
now , in this area , there &apos;s not several thousand goals .
basically , it &apos;s going to be on the top of the nuclear power and the standard of health care .
so i said to my assistant , &quot; let me take a list of all the experts to go for the ministry of power and power power from our client . &quot;
and i called them up and they know their knowledge to compare what we &apos;re doing in code and compare what we &apos;ve found in the code and in the data .
and that worked very well .
so , it was possible to bring the little digital contact with the computer &apos;s health .
there &apos;s rotor this is a moving part of the centrifuge , the black object you see .
and if you engineer the speed of this trait , you can actually break down the folding down , and even then you can &apos;t break the centrifuge .
what we &apos;ve found is that the goal of the attack was actually , it was slow and slowly let me try to get to the trying to get to the temporary officers so that they couldn &apos;t be able to get it quickly .
the great digital network -- we got a peek to us very precisely and the complementary ones .
so for example , the number of garage maintenance workers are very , very , very unaware of this code .
i started to know science literature , which is like this whale factory in southern siberia , and they found that they &apos;re locked in , in so-called business , and every single brain has grown up in the process of having a lot of plastic molecules .
so that made sense that it &apos;s together .
and it was even better .
these are the u.s. deaths in iran are broken up in 15 called the extinct levels .
and guess what we found in the classroom ?
it &apos;s a almost identical structure .
so again , that fit really well together .
and this was a lot of confidence that we &apos;re looking at here .
now , don &apos;t you get me wrong , that didn &apos;t go out .
these results were achieved by several weeks of work .
and we just ran out to a dead , and we had to collect a bunch of them .
but anyway , we found that both digital regimes are actually going to be able to turn into one and the same goal , but from different directions .
the little dust takes over a fold , and sizes of the rotors and slower it folds and the large gas station , and the big coal cycle , with six optics pressure and manipulating valves .
so , in the big , we &apos;re very confident that we &apos;ve actually been able to have what the objective is .
it &apos;s a lot of diamonds , and it &apos;s just a matter of cake .
so we don &apos;t have to worry about the other goals of smallest people .
here &apos;s something really cool stuff we discovered -- made me be locked out of the socks .
there is the gray box there , and it &apos;s the top of the sound .
well , what this thing does is that it &apos;s the forces of sensors that include sensors -- so for example , of wikipedia and gene provides a code , which is still during the attack , with the wrong load of data .
and indeed , this is the wrong powered data data by hudson &apos;s past .
so it &apos;s just like in squatter cities , where the car boomers are fed up with the smoking facility with previously known food .
that &apos;s cool , isn &apos;t it ?
and the idea is , obviously , not just the point of the room in the control room .
in fact , it &apos;s much more dangerous and more aggressive .
the idea is to cheat a digital evolutionary landscape .
we need digital trajectory where a human health cannot react to a very fast way .
so in a power station , for example , if the big oil industry is going to be fast , you have to open yourself in milliseconds .
of course , this cannot be done by a human being .
so , in this place , we need digital communication .
and if they &apos;re at risk , they can really have terrible things .
the power station can explode .
and not the apple officers , still the apple store , will notice .
this is frightening .
but it gets worse .
and what i &apos;m saying is very important .
think about it . this attack is a lot of time .
he &apos;s not doing anything special with mit , with a lot of control .
so , for example , he would work that way -- in a plant station or in a football race .
it &apos;s a lot of diamonds .
and you don &apos;t have to -- when the attacker -- you don &apos;t have to put the diamond stick on the stick , as we &apos;ve seen it on hudson .
you could also use ordinary amounts of technology to spread .
you have to spread it as far as possible .
and if you do that , you get a foreign mass of mass mass .
that &apos;s the consequence we need to ask .
so unfortunately , the largest number of goals can &apos;t be the middle east goals .
they &apos;re in the united states , in europe and japan .
so all these green areas , these are the most primitive environments .
we have to put the consequences , and we &apos;ll start doing it better .
thank you .
i have a question .
ralph , it was a lot of that that people have told that that is the main thing that is going to be the main industry .
is that also your opinion ?
okay , you really want to know that ?
yeah . okay .
i think the problem is that the default force is not israel .
so the driving force is the most powerful superpower .
there &apos;s only one , and that &apos;s the united states -- luckily , for happiness .
because otherwise , our problem is even bigger .
thank you for having a pop-up account of cake . thank you ralph .
i spent the last few years trying to place me in situations that normally really difficult , and at the same time , it &apos;s kind of dangerous .
i went to prison -- difficult .
i worked in a computer assignment -- dangerous .
i filmed in southern l.a -- difficult and dangerous .
and i spent 30 days , nothing like this to eat this -- fun at the beginning , a little bit difficult in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
in fact , i felt the most part of my career that seems to be considered to be terrible situations , and that &apos;s what it just means for trying to study social complex , so that they &apos;re compelling and interesting , and hopefully in some ways , they &apos;re making it a lot of things fun and accessible .
so , when i knew that i would come here to see a tedtalk on the world of parenting and the prison of the world , i knew i would make something a little different .
some of you may have heard of that , a couple of weeks ago , a ad on ebay was pushed a little bit of a movie .
i sent out a few blocks , some of the tape , and i gave people the opportunity to be able to ban the standard of my tedtalk in 2011 .
in fact , some happy people and companies , boom and bust , have been the unique opportunity -- because i &apos;m sure chris anderson will let you have a lot of content to buy the speech , which you just see , that chris has never been able to do a lot of content , and not a lot of evidence were what the subject would be .
so what you got was this : your name here is : my tedtalk is that you have no idea what the subject is going to be , and the one that would be able to fly on the content for your involvement in a particular time , especially if i give your company dumb .
but it &apos;s a very good media opportunity .
do you know how many people look at these tedtalks ?
a whole bunch .
this is just the main standard of surgery .
so despite that warning , i knew that anyone would buy the lottery .
if you had to ask me this one year , i wouldn &apos;t have been able to tell you this with sure .
but in the new project i &apos;m working on , my new movie , we &apos;re looking at the world of marketing , the advertising .
i &apos;ve been going to have been taken , i &apos;ve been going to have been doing some pretty awful situations over the years , but nothing could be prepared me , nothing could be done to me on something so hard and as dangerous as it could get to a room .
you know , i had the idea for a movie .
what i want to do is a movie about the whole of the world &apos;s marketing , marketing and advertising , where the whole movie is financed by the entire mile , marketing and advertising .
and the movie is going to be called &quot; the reactive of consciousness . &quot;
so what &apos;s going on in &quot; the most popular horse revolution &quot; is that it &apos;s all from the top up to the end , fully with brands , from the beginning to the end , fully with brands -- from the middle of the movie , that &apos;s the brand x .
now this brand , the largest stadium , the main center of the center ...
these people are being connected to the movie in eternity .
and so the movie is going to look at this whole idea -- this is what ? in eternity , for forever ?
i &apos;m a brilliant person .
that was more on its own .
it was &quot; in eternity . &quot;
but we &apos;re not just going to have the brand x than a killer of flu , but we &apos;ll make sure we &apos;re going to sell any of these to a movie in the movie .
we might sell a shoe , and he &apos;s going to be the greatest shoe that you &apos;ve ever worn ...
the greatest car that you &apos;ve ever had , from &quot; the most popular rainforest of the world &apos;s most famous evil producer , the greatest drink of the most famous powers of the world .
so the idea is , besides showing that brands is part of life , actually , to make them a part of the movie ?
and we actually show the whole process of how it works .
the goal of all of this is transparency .
you &apos;ll see the whole thing in the movie of commodities .
so that &apos;s the whole concept , the whole film , from beginning to end .
and i would be happy to get a lot of time to make this happen .
you know it &apos;s funny , because when i first heard it , it &apos;s the ultimate respect for the audience .
i don &apos;t know how to be allowed to be a lot of people .
do you have a perspective -- i don &apos;t want to use vision , because that has a negative version of the cube -- but you know how that &apos;s going to develop ?
how much money is it required to realize that ?
1.5 million .
i think it &apos;s hard to make them , but i think it &apos;s certainly worth having some really well-known brands .
and who knows if the movie comes out , we may see a bunch of glass fibers .
what do you think the answer is going to be ?
the answer is probably probably &quot; no . &quot;
but is it a difficult thing to do because of the movie or a hard thing for me ?
checklists : both .
so , it means not that optimistic .
so , my gentleman , you can help me ? i need help .
i can help .
okay .
fantastic .
we need to think about the effect .
yeah .
if you look at the people who do it .
there are some places that we can turn to .
so let &apos;s put the camera out .
i thought , &quot; imagine the camera , &quot; means that we wanted to lead a whole job .
it turns out it was actually in reality , &quot; we don &apos;t want to have anything to do with your movie . &quot;
and just so all of these companies disappeared one after another .
no idea would have to do something with the movie .
i was amazed .
they didn &apos;t want to have anything to do with the project .
and i was confused , because i thought the whole concept of advertising was to present to your product as many people as possible as possible to give you a lot of people like possible .
especially in the world today , at this intersection of new and old media and the fragmented media media -- is not the idea to be in this new exciting career that makes the masses that make it news .
no , that was what i thought was .
but look , the problem was that my idea was that my idea had a little bit of mistakes , and that was this .
in fact , no , that was not the mistakes .
that would have been no problem at all .
that would have been okay .
but what this image is , what this picture is .
if you put transparency in the blink of the same -- this is one of the first images that seems to be .
i really like your kind of , sergey brin . now
that was the problem : transparency -- free from deception and figuring out , and overlook a fraction , immediately , which is , in terms of visibility and the access , especially , what &apos;s the biggest problem .
you know , we &apos;re listening to a whole bunch of transparency .
our politicians say it , our president says , even our ceos say it .
but if it &apos;s so far , it &apos;s supposed to change anything .
but why ? well , transparency is frightening , like this strange bear that still leaves him .
it &apos;s a plant-based diet -- like these strange highway options .
and it &apos;s very risky .
what else do you do ?
it &apos;s a whole bowl of cool food .
this is very risky .
so when i started talking to the companies and tell them that we wanted to tell the story , they said , &quot; no , we want you to tell a story .
we want you to tell a story , but we just want you to tell our story . &quot;
if i was a kid , and my father was caught in her and my father &apos;s standing up with this view -- he would say , &quot; my son , there &apos;s three versions of all history .
there &apos;s your version , there &apos;s my version , and there &apos;s the real version . &quot;
so you can see that this film was telling us the real version .
but there &apos;s only one company , one of the agency , one of the agency , is to help us help -- and that &apos;s just because i &apos;ve been john bond and richard passed out for years -- i found that i had to do it alone , i had to go through the middle of the middle and my team .
so what they suddenly started to understand -- or what i started to understand -- was that when you start talking to these companies , the idea of how your brand is understood , a wider problem .
i have friends who do big , giant football virus , and i have friends who are little bits of little bits like me .
and my friends , the big , giant football project , say that the reason their films are so successful is to be the amount of the consumer that they have .
and then my friends say , the little plastic companies do , &quot; well , how do we compete with these big , gigantic ? &quot;
and the movie is called &quot; the reactive of the horse . &quot;
so how do we do the same thing in the movie ?
and whenever i do it , i &apos;ll go through the way , and i will see the car crash , you &apos;ll see ban .
and every time i do somebody , i can say , &quot; are you fresh enough for this interview ?
are you so far ? you can see a little bit nervous .
i want to help you calm down .
so you might be able to do a little bit before the interview . &quot;
and then we offer one of these great feats of science .
either &quot; lacking fusion &quot; or &quot; paradise &quot; , you &apos;ll have the choice .
we &apos;re going to be equipped for men as well as women , including , or a stick , or a stick , whatever .
this is the main disk .
now , i can all answer your questions and give them an extra versions .
we &apos;re a smaller brand .
so , as you &apos;ve talked about the smaller movies , we &apos;re a brand a brand a car .
so we don &apos;t have a budget like other brands .
so , you know , these things are going to be like -- you know , remember , people &apos;s time . that &apos;s kind of why we &apos;re interested .
what do you say to them ?
in-group , texting is a matter of cake .
that &apos;s a great question .
most of the matter : off-the-shelf technology .
technology is not the way you should describe something that someone does in 1969 .
so , we &apos;re talking about bold , fresh .
i think &quot; fresh &quot; is a great word that these category really makes you a positive thing , unlike &quot; fighting smell and moisture . &quot;
it &apos;s holding you fresh .
how do we keep them longer -- better fresh , more fresh , more fresh , three times living .
you have these things that have a huge impact .
and this is a pivot .
what about me ? what about the average card ?
i have to talk to the man in the street , which is like me , losing it .
i want to tell you something about my brand .
how would you describe your brand ?
philip , my brand ?
i don &apos;t know .
i really like to be nice clothes .
&apos; 80s , &apos; 80s , is in front of the day , except at the end of the day .
well , what &apos;s the brand ?
unique .
i think the main thing that i have , the style , is probably &quot; glamour glamour . &quot;
i like many black colors , a lot of hate and stuff like this .
but usually i have a way of thinking about how irrigation , or an jewelry , and stuff like this stuff .
if dan would be a brand , he would probably be a classic warmer gene .
man 2 : the brand i &apos;m , i would say , is the recycle fly .
part of the unfinished yogi , partly included , partly unclear , part of the -- i don &apos;t know .
man 3 : i &apos;m the chief club .
i sell farm oil throughout the country , around the world .
so i think that my brand is .
this is my brand in my little , distorted industry .
man 4 : my brand is fedex , because i was a lot of the time .
man 5 : brand your brand fires
is that ?
lawyer : i &apos;m a major one .
i &apos;m tom .
well , we can &apos;t all be the biggest ones , but i &apos;m looking at the interface of glamour and the most primitive fly .
and what was realized was that i needed to take a experts .
i needed someone who could go inside my head , somebody who really helps me understand what they called &quot; the vaccine &quot; .
and so i found a company called olson combat in northern l.a .
they have companies like microelectronics , services , allowing them to discover these kinds of rules .
if you could do it for the thing , i could also help them .
you brought your pictures , yes ?
i have this first picture , a picture of my family .
tell me a little bit about how that with your thoughts and feelings of them is connected .
these are the people who shape my worldview .
tell me about this world .
sports : this world ? i think the world is the world where you live -- how people around a world , the friends , the family , the way that you live life , the work and the way you live life is the work and the work .
all of these things come from and start to come from a place , and for me , and i start with my family in west virginia .
what &apos;s next to you is the next one you want to talk about .
the next one . this was the most beautiful day of my life .
what is the context of the mind and feelings of yourself ?
it &apos;s like i want to be .
i like things that are different .
i like things that are weird . i like a strange thing .
tell me about the &quot; why &quot; do you get it ? &quot;
what &apos;s the main thing ? what &apos;s the field of training ?
why is it important ? what does the red ?
tell me a little bit about this part .
a little bit more about them , that &apos;s not them .
what else do they have through ?
... that &apos;s not to be afraid . what kind of rollercoaster are doing ?
hi ! no , thank you .
thank you for your patience .
yeah . well .
yeah , i don &apos;t know what &apos;s going to happen .
so , there was a lot of crazy things .
the first thing i saw was this idea that your main input is two separate separate , but has been grounded in sites that have a ph.d. / unfair brand .
that includes very good .
and i think there &apos;s almost a contradiction with it .
and i think some companies are just going to focus on a strength , rather than both .
many companies tend to be -- and that &apos;s the human nature -- things that they &apos;re not sure , they &apos;re afraid to be afraid , these elements , and they turn them to themselves in a positive , and they turn them into a very nice move , and that &apos;s a key move .
what other brands do is that ?
the first is a classics , apple .
and you can see it also , in the meantime , the obsession , the mini of mini carbon dioxide and southeast asia .
well , there &apos;s a lot of brands and brands -- these things that come and go , but a more powerful , more brand is a pretty strong thing .
a brand brand , brand brand . how is your brand ?
if someone would ask them to describe their own code , their main way , what would be ?
you &apos;re a joint of a car ? are you something that is blood in cake ?
or are they more like a handle ?
are you something that &apos;s a little quiet , more solid , more conservative ?
they &apos;re things that are playful , fresh as the telecommunications sector , crashes , births , neurologists , snack and lovely , and chap like fossils , agile and agile , profane and chap like cake , magical and unknowable as usual .
or are they more like a jet app ?
are you mindful of multiple and solar programs like ours ?
are it established , traditionally , private , portability , compassionate like oprah ?
is it reliable , stable , serenity , safe , wait , wait , wait , wait , wait , wait , like the dalai lama or the contractor ?
in the course of the film , we had more than 500 companies who were up and forth , and the no &quot; they said , because they didn &apos;t want to be part of the project .
they didn &apos;t want to have anything to do with this movie because they didn &apos;t have any control over the finished product .
but it &apos;s going to be like 17 year-olds who were willing to get out of these control that would make someone do so differently and playful as i did , and then we finally didn &apos;t have to tell stories that we don &apos;t have any money to do it .
they &apos;re asking us to tell the story of the story of the art industry , as we &apos;re using the story of the story that you &apos;re using today to be the world &apos;s health devices , both to make ads as well as movies .
we drove to sao paulo , where they &apos;ve been banned .
in the entire city , for five years , there &apos;s no new news , no posters , no way , no way , nothing .
and we drove in school where companies are putting their way into the impoverished schools , in all america .
and the incredible thing to me is that the projects i got is the most feedback , or where i had the biggest success , those are where i interacted with things directly .
and that &apos;s what these brands have done .
because she did the middle , they were from agencies , and they said that the agencies , they were not really interested in feeling in sense .
i &apos;m going to negotiate directly with the artists .
i &apos;m going to work with him and create something completely different , something that people will think is that our world challenge is to challenge .
and how was that ? what do you succeed ?
now , that &apos;s a movie called the movie film , we can see it .
so loud sensing was just a premiere in january , and since then -- and that &apos;s not even the whole thing -- there were 900 million volumes of this movie .
it actually has a second one of two weeks of time .
this is just online -- no press , no television .
the film didn &apos;t get back .
there &apos;s no way that it &apos;s done . no more whatsoever .
he &apos;s not coming out in other countries .
well , the movie , eventually , has really got a very big momentum .
and that &apos;s not bad for a project , at the almost any agency we &apos;ve been talking about , to try to give up your clients who we were trying to do .
what i believe is that if you blow up your chance , you get risks that are put in these risks .
i think if you prevent people from it , you &apos;ll get them closer to failure .
i believe that if you train his employees to avoid risks , you &apos;ll have the whole company to get a profit to get a profit .
i feel that we need to encourage people to take risks .
we need to encourage people , not afraid to have a fear of options that they might be able to do .
finally , we should be able to embrace fear .
we should put the bear in the cage .
are the fear of welcome . let &apos;s welcome to the risk .
each one of a great spoon is so we &apos;re going to welcome the risk .
and finally , we should be able to be rid of transparency .
today , more than ever before , we get a little bit of honesty .
and that &apos;s what i said with honesty and transparency , my guide talk , &quot; you &apos;re going to welcome to my good friends of childhood services to ebay for the federal services for ebay .
big data is turned on for organizations around the world in great opportunities .
stew : &quot; are you going to welcome transparency .
thank you .
now , morgan , in the name of transparency , what is happening now with the $ 50,000 problem ?
that &apos;s a great question .
i have a check in my pocket , december on the top of the computer &apos;s office , the ear of the owner -- a check at $ 50,000 to fund my energy collection next year .
my name is unstoppable .
i did a little bit of google , i did a little bit of google and art , and i &apos;m going to make a difference with museums and art , my research projects , which are also , i &apos;ve got green light .
and it took 18 months .
there &apos;s a lot of peace negotiations and stories , i can tell you , with 17 very interesting museums from nine countries .
but i &apos;m going to focus on the performance .
there &apos;s a lot of stories about why we &apos;ve done this .
i think my personal perspective is very easily understood with this slide and to access them .
i grew up in india .
i became a great education of the -- i didn &apos;t know -- but i had to do a lot of museums and this artwork would not be access .
and when i went to visit these museums , i started to learn a lot .
and while i was working for google , i was trying to make the desire -- to make a more accessible to technology -- with technology .
so we then went a team , a great team , and we started with this .
i &apos;m going to start with the demonstration , and tell you some interesting things that happened since the start .
so you just go to the bathroom .
you can look around all of these museums .
there &apos;s the mit pigeon , the moma , the minister , the vietnam genome , the van gogh .
i come in to be one of my favorite , the metropolitan art museum of art in new york .
you come in two because very simple .
so , you know , it &apos;s in the museum , and you &apos;re in this museum .
it doesn &apos;t matter where they are -- bombay , mexico , it doesn &apos;t make any difference .
you go around and sympathy .
they want to orient in the museum ?
open the map , and jump on a click .
they &apos;re , you know , they want to go up to the end of the gangs .
just further . a lot of fun .
and look around .
thank you , but the best thing is .
so , i &apos;m before a ph.d. , ph.d. from disconnection , from stumbled across the met .
i see this vc .
if the museum gave us the picture , you click on it .
so this is one of the images .
that &apos;s all pairs .
those of you who are really interested in art can be click here -- but i &apos;ll click on it now .
this is one of the images we &apos;ve been proposing with what we &apos;re doing with what &apos;s called a vaccine .
this image , for example , has about 10 billion of my favorite , i believe .
and a lot of people ask me , &quot; what do you get for 10 billion ? &quot;
so i &apos;ll show you now .
you can get very easily in your hands and you can &apos;t get it .
you can see something fun here .
i love this guy ; his expression is unaffordable .
but then you really want to go deep .
and so i started playing around and i found that there &apos;s something going on there .
and i thought , &quot; well , wait a minute , that sounds interesting . &quot;
i went to get up , and slowly , slowly , that children actually beat something .
i worked a little bit a little bit like a recently ago at a given class , and actually , it was a game called a symbol called a ruler that &apos;s being beaten with a stick of the wheels .
it seemed very popular .
i don &apos;t know why they did it , but i learned something about it .
to be really close to you , you can go to the cracks .
just to give you a sense of trust , i &apos;m going to see you what you get .
here we were , and this is the painting .
but the best thing is , in a second .
let &apos;s jump at moma , again in new york .
another favorite picture of me , though .
so , in the previous case , it was about finding details .
but what if you want the brush to see ?
and what do you mean by van gogh that &apos;s made a masterpiece of making this masterpiece ?
you go into it . you can actually go in .
i &apos;m going to zoom in to one of my favorite moments until i &apos;m really much tearing up .
this is a ph.d. , never ever before .
now i &apos;m going to show you my favorite function .
there &apos;s still many more , but i &apos;m not the time .
this is the really cool part , which is called collections .
each of you , everybody -- whether rich or poor , whether you have a great house -- doesn &apos;t play a role .
you can go and create your own museum online -- from all these pictures , you can put your own collection .
just , you go in -- and i &apos;ve created this , it &apos;s called the power of the robot -- you can &apos;t get rid of the power of the music -- you can &apos;t be able to do it .
this is the u.s. &apos; s / 7 .
they can put it on things , they put their friends , and so they start to start with what they feel if they look at these masterpieces .
i think , finally , the main thing is , i think the main thing that all the wonderful things here are not google .
and i think they &apos;re not even coming from the museums .
i shouldn &apos;t say that .
they come from artists .
and that was an experience in humility to me .
i mean , i hope that we are going to be able to do the same medium of art with the new media , and they represent it right online .
and the biggest question that i &apos;ve been asked to do is , &quot; did you make this to try to replicate the experience of a tomato sauce ? &quot;
the answer is no .
it should add the experience .
that &apos;s how you do . thank you .
thank you .
this is a picture of your brain . your brain can split in two camps .
that &apos;s the left half the logical side , and then the right half , the right , is the intuitive side .
if we could be a scale to the most hemisphere of any hemisphere , we could visualize your brain .
for instance , this one is somebody who is totally logical .
this would be a very intuitive one that is completely intuitive .
now , where would you spot your brain at this scale ?
some of us may have been able to have one of these extremes , but i think that , for most people in the audience , your brain looks like this -- with a high carbon fiber that &apos;s in both spheres .
it &apos;s not like you both have a exclusive number or something .
they can be logical and intuitively be intuitively .
and so i see as one of the individuals , collectively with the other experimental robotics of the reputation , which is a good percentage of logic to add the complex ideas together .
but at the same time , we need a good amount of intuition to actually perform .
how do we develop these intuition ? well , we love it with things .
so we go out and play it and look at it and then look like it &apos;s going to be a bit of our intuition .
basically , they do the same thing .
so one of the intuitions that they &apos;ve developed over the years is probably that one thing can be only at the same time .
i mean , it can be strange to think that one thing is about two different places , but they were not born with this idea of two different places , but they were not born with this idea .
i remember seeing a child playing on a computer on a computer .
he was still a brilliant guy , and he was not very good at it , and he fell all the time .
but i bet that it taught the play with the education industry a very valuable lesson , which is the big things you don &apos;t just let you do , and you stay in a place .
and this is a great global model of the world , so long , you cannot have a particle designer .
it would be a terrible model for a particle particle , because they don &apos;t play with a little bit of the same thing , but with these little odd particles .
and if you play with your particles , you put all kinds of weird things -- how they fly directly through walls , or they can be able to be in two different places .
and so they would tell all these observations , and they called the theory of quantum mechanics .
that was the state of physics a few years ago ; it took quantum mechanics to describe little bits of particles .
but you didn &apos;t need it to describe the whole mundane objects around us .
i didn &apos;t enjoy my intuition , and that might just be because i don &apos;t think so often with particles .
well , i &apos;ll play with you sometimes , but not very often .
and i &apos;ve never seen them .
i mean , nobody has ever seen any particles .
but my logical side of it didn &apos;t really work .
because if all of you can pass out of particles and all these particles of quantum mechanics , then not just all the rules of quantum mechanics ?
i don &apos;t see why that should not be that way .
so i would better feel myself better with all the thing that i could be able to show that everyday wisdom does follow quantum mechanics .
so i did a few years ago to do that .
i created one .
this is the first object you can see , which was in the most competitive form .
so what we &apos;re looking at here is a tiny computer chip .
and you can see that green dot there in the middle .
this is the piece of metal that i &apos;m going to talk about .
that &apos;s an image of the object .
so , i &apos;ll zoom in . we &apos;re looking at this center .
and here &apos;s a really big close-up of this little piece of metal .
so what we &apos;re looking at is a little bit of metal and it &apos;s shaped like a springboard and it sits over the edge .
so i did this thing in a similar way to you that you can do a computer .
i went to a clean room with new york , and i went to the same one of the big devices for 100 hours .
i had to build my own machine , to build my own machine , and get the kind of a swimming pile of the hole and getting the thing .
this thing has been the ability to be able to be in the same way that it &apos;s going to be a little bit of a help .
look , let me give you an analogy .
you know how uncomfortable it is to be a full elevator ?
i mean , if i &apos;m alone in the elevator , i do all kinds of funny things , but then other people put up , and i hear it all the way , because i don &apos;t want to bother to bother , or frankly , they &apos;re going to be able to do it , frankly , they &apos;re going to be able to do it , frankly , they &apos;re going to be able to get them out .
quantum mechanics : so the objects are feeling that they feel like that .
the riders for the most compelling objects are not only people , but the light that seems to it and the wind that seems to be around you and the heat of space .
and so we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to look at this piece of metal , we had to have the whole refined oil .
and we did that .
we turned on the light , we put it in a vacuum , and they put it in a vacuum , and they &apos;d just get away from all the way , fully to just make the metal off , just to behave like it .
so we measured his movement .
we found that it really moves really strange .
instead of just getting it there , it &apos;s just a little bit quiet , it &apos;s like this -- the way it was used to be -- like a little bit of a beer and together and together it &apos;s a mess together .
in the way we gave him a little push , we could collect it at the same time and not vibrate -- something just designed in quantum mechanics .
so what i &apos;m talking about is what really fantastic .
what does it mean to vibrate for an object at the same time , and not imitate ?
let &apos;s think about the atoms .
so the first case : all the trillions of atoms out of the piece of metal are still there and at the same time moving the same atoms around and down the same amount of atoms .
just too precise carefully , they &apos;re not comfortable .
the rest of the time they &apos;re born .
that means that each atom is at the same time in two different places , which is that the entire piece of metal is in two different places .
i think that &apos;s really cool .
really .
that was the value of all this year in the clean room , because , you know , check that the gap between one single atom and this piece is just like the difference between the piece of metal and you .
so if a single atom can be at the same time in two different places , this piece of metal can be in two different places , why not ?
i mean , that &apos;s just what my logical hand says .
so , imagine , you know , at the same time , you &apos;re at the same time , what would that feel ?
how would your mind be able to deal with that that your body is in the room ?
there &apos;s another aspect of history in history .
when we put it down , the light bulb and the box was flying , we saw that the piece metal always was in a piece of metal .
and so i had to develop this new intuition that it looks like all the objects in the elevator , just the bill , that are together in a small room with a little room together .
you hear a lot of talk about how quantum mechanics is that everything is connected to everything .
well , that &apos;s not really right .
there &apos;s more of them , it &apos;s still more deeper than that , it &apos;s still more deeper than that .
it &apos;s so that these connections , their connections with all the things around them , literally define who they are , and that is the profound and funny of quantum mechanics .
thank you .
in the year of 2007 , i decided that we should be able to think about economic development .
it should be our goal , that if families think about it , where they want to be alive and work , they give them the opportunity to choose at least one hand full of different cities that all of the competition are in competition to stand up with new people .
at the moment , we &apos;re far away from this goal .
there are billions of people in the developing world that don &apos;t even have a single city to be able to welcome them .
but the amazing thing about cities is that they &apos;re worth so much more worth as it costs it .
so we could actually be able to do the world very easily with maybe hundreds of new cities .
now , that may sound absurd for you , if you &apos;ve never been thinking about new cities .
and they &apos;re just building up to the city of cities .
imagine that half of the people who want to live in homes , they did do that , but the other half didn &apos;t .
you could try to broaden the capacity that have already been available .
but you know what you would be doing , in these apartments , and their environment would be laws to avoid influencing influencing the ability and by administrative amounts .
so it turns out that there &apos;s very hard line to all these extensions .
but you could go to a completely new place to build a whole new block of flying , and then the laws there would be that they would support such a building and not interact with it .
so i &apos;ve proposed that governments can create new surfaces that have enough space for a city , and gave them a name : charter cities .
i found out later , in fact , about the same time , i &apos;ve been able to have been able to spend the same time in honduras and the challenge of reform in honduras .
they knew that every year about 75,000 attacks have been left their country to go into the united states , and they wanted to know what they could do to make sure that these people can stay in their country and do the same in honduras .
at this point , at the point of knowing , what happens to the arts , what happens if we simply got a marine field of our country , what if we &apos;re just a message , we have a part of the american embassy , and the united states , if you &apos;re going to work in the canadian rules , you know what you &apos;ve normally had to do , or america ? &quot;
honduras was a suffered of honduras for a severe quality of honduras .
in the next few decades , the misunderstood election won &apos;t be a buzz about the program , both innovations , and also designer .
he challenged to be able to become his name .
in the meantime , i was preparing to participate in tedglobal .
through improvement , again , and through the study of consumers , i &apos;ve tried to reduce this complicated concept of the charter city on the charter .
the first point is , the importance of laws , laws that determine that you cannot expect existing resources .
we give them a new variety of different experiences , but for the progress of progress , it &apos;s technologies and laws . and it &apos;s usually laws that help us themselves .
in the fall of 2010 , a friend of guatemala was the link to the tedtalk .
again , it showed him snow .
they were called me .
and they said , &quot; let &apos;s present this to the rest of our country . &quot;
so we met in december of december , in december of a hotel .
i &apos;ve tried to make a lot of how valuable cities are , how much more valuable they are than they cost .
and i used this graph to show you how valuable a value system is like new york , and think of that one area in some cases , in some cases of dollars .
but it was a rather abstract discussion , at a point when there was a pause , said , &quot; paul , maybe we could see the tedtalk . &quot;
so the tedtalk put so in very simple form that a charter city is a place that is beginning to be a third country , a key country that says the laws that would predict there , and people can &apos;t have the opportunity to do it either under those rules or not .
so i was asked by the president of honduras for the president of honduras , which was that we have to make this project that it &apos;s important , and that &apos;s the way our country is getting forward .
i was asked to go to the cambridge age , and once the day , i was asked to keep a talk at the fourth day and fifth january .
so i kept giving you another thing with facts , which is a graph like this , which has a graph like this , which is trying to make sure that if you make a lot of value in a city , it has to be a very large city .
this is a picture of a city of adam , and the sketch is the new airport , which was built in printers .
it alone has a place of 100 percent of the airport .
so i &apos;ve tried to convince the creators of this if you want to build a new city , you have to start with a field of at least 1,000 degrees .
that &apos;s more than 250 thousand tomorrow .
polite have all the time .
the audience of the audience was very seriously , and carefully .
the head of congress came up on the stage , and i said , &quot; professor , i &apos;m happy to tell you , but maybe we could look at the tedtalk .
i &apos;ve got him on my laptop . &quot;
so i sat down , and you &apos;d be playing the tedtalk .
and i &apos;m to the punch line that a new city gives people new possibilities .
there would be the possibility of living in a city that would be in honduras , instead of hundreds of miles away from north america .
and a new city includes new possibilities for leaders .
so the leaders of the government in honduras would be from aid to aid , they could benefit from themselves , they could benefit from their own assets that they could have in the capacity for these charter to be able to get it .
and the realization of president manuscript was that the faith of the crowds that i &apos;ve been thinking about as a way of the foreign investors would come to come and build this city as well as the parties in honduras for many years of fear and mistrust .
we &apos;re in a field of danger .
this is from this place .
it &apos;s a ton of km km .
and shortly afterwards , on the 19th of january , they have the constitution for the constitution to have a comprehensive policy policy that &apos;s allowed specifically to be able to have a meaningful policy that &apos;s allowed to be dedicated to special accounts of it .
in a country that has a heavy crisis , in congress , he was elected to copulate for copulate with a voice taken .
all parties , all of the nation of society , supported this .
to be part of the constitution , it has to be authorized twice by congress .
on february 17th , it was a second time with terminal voice approved .
immediately after that election , between the 21st , and february february , a delegation of the world , most of the world &apos;s two countries are about to enter the business of the dopamine sector , most of the time , in the business of the dopamine sector .
the one place is south korea .
this is a picture of a big , new city that built south korea built in south korea as a national center .
all you can see in this picture was built in four years after it took four years to get the permits .
the other place that was very interested in urbanism is singapore .
it has been built two cities in china , and the third is in preparation .
so if you think of it as a practical thing , it &apos;s where we are today .
you &apos;ve already got a car map ; you &apos;ve already seen this area for the second city .
it &apos;s already been working on a legal system that managers allow you to participate , and it will also be working on an external law .
a country has offered to provide the supreme court , as a dish for the international calling system .
also , the professional and more popular is very interested .
they even bring funding to me .
one thing you know has been already got , there &apos;s a lot of time going on , there &apos;s a lot of time .
there are many companies who would like to be in america , especially in a place where there &apos;s a free trade trade , and there &apos;s a lot of people who would like to live there .
there are 700 million people who say that they would like to live and live in a different place to live .
there are a million people leave every year in the united states and migrate out to the united states .
many of you are the fathers who leave to leave their families to get their families , sometimes they &apos;re single mothers who have to make enough money to make food and clothes .
unfortunately , sometimes , sometimes the kids are trying to find their parents , they &apos;re not going to have seen them in some cases since a decade .
so what is it that i think about to think about in honduras to build a whole new city ?
or even the way to build it from these cities , or hundreds of hundreds of people around the world ?
so what is it that you have to do for a idea that every family has a choice between the number of cities that are in competition to stand up in competition ?
that &apos;s an idea that &apos;s worth spreading .
my friends of honduras have been asked to say , thank ted .
do you know how many choices you make in a typical day ?
you know how many choices you make in a typical week ?
i &apos;ve done a poll that was made over 2,000 americans , and the average number of choices that are going to be a typical american force , a typical american force of a day .
but also , recently , a study of ceos was doing that in a few weeks , they &apos;ve been able to gather the ceos .
and these scientists have just been documenting the various issues that are going to work on the ceo , and how much time they spend it on making decisions that relate to the issues .
and they found that the average ceo over the week has been busy doing tasks .
so each of these themes was of course , of course , many more choices .
fifty percent of their choices have been given within nine minutes or less .
only for about 12 percent of their choices needed an hour or more of their time .
think about your own choices .
do you know how many choices you have in the nine minutes of category one of the one in the one hand ?
how good do you think they &apos;re dealing with the choices ?
today i want to talk about one of the largest contemporary folk days of our modern time , the world &apos;s health .
i want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
now , if i talk about this problem , i &apos;ll ask you some questions , and i want to know your answers .
if i ask you a question , raise your way , because i &apos;m blind , just your hand if you want some calories .
so , otherwise i &apos;m going to ask you a question , and your answer is yes , so my first question is , are you ready to hear something about the ted problem ?
thank you .
when i was a stanford university project , i went to this very poor store , at least at the time , was really exclusive .
it was a store , the obama &apos;s called the phone .
this business , it was almost like a car accident .
they had 250 different kinds of mustard and 1928 and over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and over two dozen different kinds of water -- and that was at a time when we actually had to drink more like this .
i &apos;ve got to go to this business , but at a time i &apos;ve asked myself , well , how do you never buy anything ?
here &apos;s the olive gang .
they had over 75 different kinds of oil , including those who were locked in boxes that came from a thousand years old .
so i decided to go to the leader of the leader , and i asked the leader , &quot; the idea is that you really have the ability to offer people all these kinds of possibilities ? &quot;
and he showed up the production council of tourists that came every day and they usually had their cameras .
we decided to do an experiment , and we chose to do the experiment for our experiment .
here &apos;s your favorite gang .
they had a lot of different kinds of gill .
we put a little bit of glass directly at the top of the business .
we have six different flavors where we have six different flavors , and we put in 24 different flavors , and we &apos;ve looked at two things : first , i know what would be , i mean , more people are staying and maintaining anymore ?
there are more people who are standing in 24 , roughly 60 percent than if it were six , about 40 percent .
and then we looked at what &apos;s actually been a glass of a glass of mine .
now we saw the opposite effect .
people are standing in the presence of the people who were there , they buy only three percent of the glass .
from the people who are left than it was six , well , we saw that 30 percent of them actually bought a glass of mine .
well , if you calculate it , people buy six times more than a glass of mine who had six to the choice of the election , when they had 24 to choices .
now , to decide not to buy glass of a glass of congress , probably good for us -- it &apos;s good for our waist -- but it turns out that the world &apos;s worth also affecting us too much more fundamental choices .
we don &apos;t decide to decide , even if it &apos;s your best interests .
so the theme of the day : energy saving .
i &apos;m going to describe you now a study that i &apos;m talking about with the earliest rooms , interagency korean , the arts bank , where we spend the decisions in retirement for the retirement of the millions of plans in the entire united states .
and what we &apos;d like to think was whether the number of the world &apos;s rights had been able to be a single one of the most primitive , the 401 plan that affects chance to be saved tomorrow tomorrow .
and we found that there was a relationship .
so in these plans , we had about an extra plans that offered the people between two to 59 different fund of funding through the people .
and what we found was that the more fund were offered , that , in fact , participation was less than being less than being more involved .
if you look at the extreme , the plans that offered two fund had a mass of a reserve in the 1970s -- still not as high as we want to .
in the plans , the almost 60 fund of the day , the most 60 fund was about the percent of the percentage of the percentage .
now , it turns out that even if you get to participate in the fact , if more possibilities were given to choices , even it has negative consequences .
so the people who decided to participate in this , more than the more possibilities they have , the more avoid it , the more avoid it and fund it .
the more possibilities they have , the more they put their whole money in pure energy .
none of these extreme choices , language , would recommend somebody &apos;s human being , if you believe our future financial welfare is important .
now , in the last 10 years , we &apos;ve seen three key consequences in humans that are spending more and more choices to offer .
they make the decision -- push on , even if it &apos;s your best interest in their own interest .
they &apos;re getting poorer decisions -- poorer capital and poorer medical choices .
they &apos;re going to decide more for things that make them less content , even if you make it objective better .
the main reason for this is that we may enjoy it , and maybe enjoy this huge set of regimes full of fur , mustard huh , 1928 and settlement can &apos;t take some cases and maintain and make some of the fantastic supply .
so what i want to suggest to you today is four simple techniques -- techniques that we tested in different ways and tested different systems -- they can actually apply to their business .
first , just close .
you &apos;ve heard it before , but it was never true as today that is less than more .
people are always concerned about being , &quot; limited . &quot;
they &apos;re always worried that they &apos;re losing their lives .
but in fact , we &apos;re going to see it more and more , that if you &apos;re willing to be willing to narrow , and then the irrelevant way that you &apos;re willing to do , then there &apos;s a rise of sales , and there &apos;s a total improvement in the energy .
as a bribe , and they gamble the different head and race species of 26 to 15 , they had been going to be 30 percent of sales .
as golden hunt : her 10 at the worst sold institute , she would discover 87 percent , a result of the two , the increase of the rise of sales , and the reduction of cost .
you know , the average day today , you offer 45,000 of them .
a typical wal-mart will provide you today in a 100,000 products today .
but the most lonely supermarket that &apos;s currently in the world today &apos;s supermarket is , and they just offer them to a 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce in a doses .
now in the world of the world , i think one of the best examples , i think , has come to the market , which is something like that , which is a very strong thing that david has been offered to do very strong , it &apos;s a program that &apos;s offered at harvard .
every harvard harvard employees is automatically taken in a permanent manner .
those who want to make a choice , will be offered 20 fund , not 300 or more fund .
you know , people often say , &quot; i don &apos;t know how to do it .
it &apos;s all important possibilities . &quot;
and the first thing i ask the employees is , &quot; tell me how the possibilities are different from each other .
and if your employees don &apos;t control them , they cannot be able to do their customers . &quot;
now , before we &apos;ve started talking about , i had a conversation with gary gary .
and gary said that he would be willing to offer all the people in this audience to give a cochlear implant to the world &apos;s most beautiful road .
here &apos;s a description of the street .
and i want to read you the same .
and now i &apos;ll give you a few seconds to read it , and then i ask you to clap , if you &apos;re ready to take gary &apos;s supply of charge .
okay . everybody of the ready is ready to take gary &apos;s supply .
are that all ?
well , let me show you something more of that .
you knew it was a trick , right ?
well , who &apos;s ready for this journey .
i think i &apos;ve heard more hands .
good .
the fact is that the first time you had more information , the first time , but i would guess it was a real time that you saw it in the second time .
because the images made it real , really .
what makes me a second technology that helps you do with the problem of the problem is that it &apos;s the main economy .
it &apos;s about people to understand the difference between possibilities , understanding what consequences with the individual possibilities , and that the consequences are precise and found some specific way .
why do people spend 15 percent 30 percent more than 30 percent more than they use a service or a credit card than in cash ?
because it doesn &apos;t really feel money .
and it turns out that if you make it that something that is a very good tool , it &apos;s a very good tool for people to save it .
so we &apos;ve done a study that i made with the earliest flavored doors and ph.d. theater , we &apos;ve done a study with the people who have worked on the services -- and these people were all working in a gathering of the local services , and these people were all in a gathering for their primary services .
and during that gathering , we &apos;ve got these gathering just as they &apos;ve been able to leave the gathering as they &apos;ve always been , we &apos;ve got a little bit more powerful .
the thing that we added to the people &apos;s time was that we &apos;ve asked people to think about all positive things that would happen in their lives if they save money .
in which we did this simple thing , there was a rise of participation in 20 percent , and there was a rise of number of people who were willing to save or a rise to four percent than they were willing to pay for the oil sector .
third technique : nassau groupers .
we can handle more categories than we can do more choices than with more choices .
here &apos;s the study , for example , that we &apos;ve done in a field of educational purposes .
it turns out that it &apos;s in the most potent store , and down in the northeast , varies between the most different kinds of magazines to complete magazines .
but you know what ?
if i put up 600 magazines , and you put them in 10 categories , or i &apos;m going to show you 400 magazines , and those in 20 categories , you believe i &apos;ve given them more choices and better than i have given them the 400 choices .
because the categories tell me how i can keep them apart .
here are two different types of dna .
one is called &quot; jazz &quot; and the other means &quot; shake . &quot;
if you think the left is an ad of the right , and the ad on the right is the tip you &apos;re clap with .
okay , there &apos;s a couple .
if you think that the left is jazz , and the one on the right is the one on the right , you clap .
okay , so a few more .
well , it turns out they &apos;re right .
the one on the left is jazz , and the right is a lot of cake , but you know what ?
this is a highly balanced population .
the categories to tell you something not provides the choice of choice .
and this problem is often you see , if you look at the long spots all of these fund .
who do you want to make it all ?
my fourth technique : premise of complexity .
it turns out that we can actually cope with more information than we think we &apos;re just simplify them .
we need to increase complexity slowly .
i &apos;ll show you an example of what i mean .
let &apos;s take a very , very complicated decision : buy a car .
so here &apos;s a german 1997 that gives you the opportunity to make your car fully itself .
they have to make 62 different choices to design a new way .
now , these decisions are different in the number of choices that offer them a choice .
fifty thousand , mortgage cars -- i have 56 options .
engines , gear -- four possibilities .
what i do now is i change the order of the order of choices .
half of the customers are going to be , for many possibilities , 56 percent of the low possibilities , four gear .
the other half of the customers are going to be , four of the gear , to the 56 , to the 56 , many possibilities .
what do i look at ?
how are they interested .
if you use the capacity to make the decision , that &apos;s what you &apos;re going to be shocked to do , i &apos;m losing them .
what you find is that the people who are doing that , the amount of the amount of time they &apos;re going to go through and over and over again .
we &apos;re losing them .
go from the little choices to the many , you &apos;ll stay in .
it &apos;s the same information . it &apos;s the same number of possibilities .
the only thing i &apos;ve done is the order of transforming the order of this information .
when i start with the simple , i &apos;m learning how i &apos;m going to do it .
even though the gear to pick up the gear , i &apos;m still trying to choose about my own preferences , i still worry about it still .
it also brings me to the big product , and i &apos;m going to get to be willing to get to the big product , which i &apos;m going to get to be interested in being interested in being interested in being interested .
let me wrap it up .
i told you about four techniques that are going to mismatch -- limit -- will you go to the standardized alternatives ; you &apos;re going to be able to handle it -- we can make it real ; we can handle more categories , less possibilities .
each of these techniques i &apos;m going to describe to you today is to help you manage the opportunity -- good for you , you can use them for yourself , good for the people who they give service .
because i believe the key to the best choice is that you can choose to choose the choice .
and the more we choose to choose the lover , the better we will be able to practice the art of the decision .
thank you .
hi . i &apos;m kevin year-old , youtube , i &apos;m looking at a lot of my time .
that &apos;s true .
today , we want to talk about how video will be tracked , and then then it &apos;s important that it &apos;s all important .
we all want stars to be -- celebrities , singers , comedians , comedians -- when i was young , this was so infinitely difficult .
but video web gives us that we all can all be famous to all our creative activities of our world .
every single one of you could be famous to the internet to the next saturday day .
but in youtube , over 48 hours , they put uploaded to a minute .
again , you &apos;ll have a tiny percentage ever dug up , and you &apos;ve seen thousands of times as well as the cultural moment .
so how does this work ?
three things : adapting , fail , and the unexpected .
well , then we want to go .
oh , my god . oh , my god .
oh , my god !
whoa !
audience : aye .
last year , nobel prize took tedsters of this video that he filmed before his house in the yosemite national park .
in 2010 , it was 23 million times in 2010 .
this graph shows how it looked popular when the video was popular for the first summer .
in fact , nobody didn &apos;t want a tremendous video .
he just wanted a rainbow .
because you can do that , if you &apos;re growing up high mountain production .
he had uploaded every bunch of the time .
and this video was actually sent out in january .
what &apos;s happening here ?
there was jimmy segregation .
jimmy o &apos;clock , the request was the most popular , so the video of the back of the day .
because the way we think about jimmy is to ask us new and interesting things , and show them a big audience .
it &apos;s about friday , friday , coral will go down on friday , and everyone &apos;s got tenure on friday . everybody &apos;s got to think that we would lead these entertainment to friday , and you didn &apos;t think that &apos;s going to lead us to talk about this video , i hope .
rebecca mackinnon &apos; friday is one of the popular videos of the year .
it was looked at almost 200 million times .
this is what the graph looked like .
just like &quot; double &quot; and &quot; double &quot; it seems to be out of nothing .
what &apos;s going on that day ?
well , it was friday , it was right .
if you want to know , these other peaks are also natural .
but what about that day , that particular friday ?
well , fortunately , it &apos;s been on , many blogs started to write about it .
michael j. nelson was a first person to do science , was a first one that made twitter on twitter .
the important thing is that a person , or a group of notes , is taken a point in a sense , and kept the process that kept going to the process .
and then these community were formed by people who shared this great joke , and i started talking about it at playing with this .
there &apos;s now 10,000 percent of tony &apos;s marketing on youtube .
and there was a ranger in the first seven days of the day .
unlike the one-way conversation of the 20th century , the participation of community community are going to be part of this phenomenon -- either by using it or something new .
&quot; bacteriophage equals &quot; is animation and music in x-ray imaging .
that &apos;s it , very simple .
this year , it was almost 50 million times looking at this .
and if you hold that to you , you &apos;d know that there &apos;s a major amount of twins that was looked at four million times .
even cats look at this video .
cats are looking at cats who look at this video .
it &apos;s important , creativity , that &apos;s in the main world of the 101 of the day and geeks .
it was grains .
somebody was an old-fashioned version of this .
and then it became international .
a whole household shot from the floor , which was a silly joke to something we all can participate in .
today , we don &apos;t just find pleasure on something , we do .
who would have all the anticipate ?
who would have &quot; double &quot; or rebecca black or &quot; black black or &quot; predict &quot; ?
what do they have to write their writing in that kind of stuff ?
in a world where every minute of video is uploaded , just really unique and unexpected term , and what the mentioned is , just really unique and unexpected times of the talk .
i &apos;m going to give up , i wasn &apos;t interested in a friend , i was told to see this great video of a guy who passed into new york against bicycles .
i got a ticket , because i &apos;m not going to be on the shed , but often there &apos;s a lot of disability that &apos;s not very nice to let you go on the ground .
because that was completely surprising and humorous , casey was found correctly in the idea , and his argument five million times .
this approach is true for everything we do creative .
and that &apos;s what &apos;s going to lead us to a big question .
what does that mean ?
baby &apos;s time .
what does that mean ?
so , contrary to creative laws , we have completely unexpected , the properties of a new kind of media and culture that has access to each other and the audience .
as i said , one of the most biggest stars -- justin beaver -- made his first place to youtube .
no one has to give up your ideas green .
and today , we &apos;re all feeling as owners of our culture .
and these are not the properties of the old media , and they also don &apos;t meet the media of the old media today , but they will determine the conversation of the future .
thank you .
how can i talk about the interconnectedness between women over three generations , and how the amazing strength of these connectedness is a four-year-old girl , when she was about 30 years old , her mother and grandmother had five days to live in a little boat , and i was talking about this little girl in the chinese today .
the story is not over .
it &apos;s a puzzle that &apos;s still put together .
i want to tell you about some of the smartest people .
imagine the first piece of this : a man who burns his work .
he &apos;s a poet , a writer , a man , whose whole life of unity and freedom was in place in place .
and remember , you can &apos;t think of it in the opening room in front of your eyes , as he may be suggesting that his life was a single waste .
the words , so long his friends , he &apos;s going to be his .
he moved to the silence .
he died , and he died .
he &apos;s my grandfather .
i never met it personally .
but our lives are so much more than our memories .
my grandmother never forgot to let me have his own life .
i had to worry about it , and it was my job to learn that the story was really trying to crush us , we would be passed away .
the next piece of evolution shows like a boat in the early days silent little on lake suits .
my mother may be 18 when her father died -- died in a late marriage before , with two little girls .
for her , life was asked to be a task , the escape of your family and a new life in australia .
it was totally absent that you could fail .
after a four-year-old and a nut suggested a boat still left the lake as a doorway .
all the adults were aware of the risks .
the biggest fear was she had been rape and died .
i mean , most adults on the boat , my mother had a little bit of a breathing room .
if you had a car designer , my sister , i would have been to myself and my grandmother .
my first memories are on this boat -- the urge of the engine , the clap of the engine , the full and empty horizon .
i don &apos;t remember the pirates that came , which was many times , but from the human being to the boat , or the president of the motor , the six hours didn &apos;t want to launch .
but i remember the lights of the caribbean on the highway coast , and the young man , the one that was collapsed , was too much for him , and to the taste of the first day that one of the men had been on the platform .
no apple ever tasted this way .
in melbourne , after three months in a refugee camp , we landed in melbourne .
and the next mile is about four women in three generations , which are building together new lives .
we left ourselves in northern hawaii to be a dependent leader that &apos;s made out of a lot of corn .
unlike the most prolific , which was totally unknown to me , that was not a major job in computer science .
the smells of the ice caps come from the rest of the world .
and the soviet union was broken up between people who had one thing in common , which had a different one .
my mother worked on farms , and then they put in a car in a car , six days , twice layers .
and we somehow had to find the time to have english and to have a lot of language .
we were poor .
every dollar was given to be given , and in other education , whatever we had to do with it , most of the things that came out of this -- mostly the new things that came out of the second .
two few seconds for school , each to cover the holes in the other way .
a minimum of the time to the clinic , because it had to be six years old .
and there were the rare but painful ever known of &quot; moses &quot; and here and there &apos;s no way it goes home . &quot;
after home , where ?
something else is going to be in me .
there was a meeting to reconciliation and a quiet voice , and i &apos;ll go out of the way , &quot; i &apos;ll go out of the way . &quot;
my mother , my sister , i fell in the same bed .
my mother was exhausted every night , but we told each other about our day , and they listened to the movements of our grandmother in the house .
my mother suffered from the boat .
and it was my job to stay awake every night until their lord came to tomorrow .
it opened a business business , then a business company , and it &apos;s a business company .
and the women came with their stories about men who don &apos;t have the energy , angry and confident , and young children , caught in between two worlds .
loans and sponsors were being searched .
centers were built .
i lived in prison .
in one of the world , i was the classic asian student , the most convicted demands of itself .
in the other other , i was involved in insecure life who wore tragic scars of violence , the bass scars , the isolation .
but that &apos;s how many got the help over the years .
and because of this aid , i was chosen to chosen the year of the year &apos;s been chosen by the year .
and i was going to be able to fly from a war &apos;s next to the next chapter , and the edges didn &apos;t fit together .
tan le , anonymous , follow calls from australian , refugee and social activist , who had been invited to some places , and in housing , they had never been invited to the places that they had never heard .
i didn &apos;t know the computer &apos;s trust .
i didn &apos;t know how to use the engine .
i didn &apos;t know how to speak about wine .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about anything .
i wanted to go back to routine , and the comfort of the life of a unknown period was a man , a mother , two daughters , who said to each other as five years of their day , and they told each other to the same bed .
i said my mother , i wouldn &apos;t do that .
she reminded me that i was so old at the time when we ran the boat .
no , no one was ever a option .
&quot; do you just say , &quot; do you say . &quot; and not what you &apos;re not doing . &quot;
so i spoke about the street training and education , and the neglect of the world and the professionals .
and the more open i spoke , the more i should tell you .
i met people in all the way that many of them were doing what they loved were in the borders of possible .
and even though i graduated from graduate , i realized i could be out of law to be a career in law .
there was to be another new airplane .
and i realized at the same time that it &apos;s okay to be a maverick , a ph.d. , new field , new image -- and not just okay , but something you have to be grateful for , perhaps a gift of the contents .
because it can lead to the collapse that you can have to collapse on the collapse of the horizons that you &apos;re going to be accepted to .
i &apos;ve been enough from my school company to know that , yes , the world &apos;s worth of affairs , but not as much as you &apos;re going to do it .
opportunities that would have been allowed , explicitly encouraged .
there was a energy , one tension , a strange mixture of humility , and of the coordination .
so i followed my gut gut .
i &apos;ve got a little team of people to have me to the box , &quot; the box is not a female challenge .
we had no cents on a long time .
at the end of a day , i sent a giant pot soup that we shared .
we were working late to night .
most of our ideas were crazy , but they were a few brilliant things , and we managed to get the breakthrough .
i met the decision to pull in the u.s .
just like a journey there .
my gut gut again .
three months later , i moved to the adventure and went on .
before i leave the talk , i would tell you about my grandmother .
she grew up at a time where the social norm was the social norm and the local mandarin had the most important person .
life has not changed for centuries .
her father died shortly after their birth .
her mother &apos;s just moved her .
she was dying to the other woman of the mandarin , whose mother she was beating .
without support your man &apos;s support , she worried a lot of them by the courts and the cia industry in their own case , and they won a bigger deal when they won .
&quot; is not that proved to be as false .
i &apos;m just enjoying a hotel room in sydney when she died , 70 miles away .
i looked at the street and i looked at them on the other side .
i knew she had come to leave up to leave .
my mother would call me a few minutes after that .
a few days later , we went into a buddhist temple in front of her and sat her coffin .
we told her stories , and assured them that we were still with them .
at midnight , the monk was going to be able to close the coffin .
my mother asked us to touch her hand .
she asked the monk , &quot; why is your hand so warm and the rest of your favorite is so cold ? &quot;
&quot; because she &apos;s ever been given it to the morning , he said .
&quot; you didn &apos;t get it inside . &quot;
if there &apos;s a band in our family , it &apos;s going to take over the women .
if you see who we were , and how life has shaped us , we can see that the men who would have gotten in our lives , we have come to the peace school .
the defeat would have been too simple .
now , i &apos;d like to have my own children , and i think i &apos;ll do it .
who would have ever had a wish ?
yeah , i fear fear before ease before ago .
can i give you a bug in your life , the brave every wave reader , the brave line of engine , rigid budgets of the engine , the vast horizon , the vast horizon , who doesn &apos;t guarantee ?
i don &apos;t know .
but if i could give this to you , and you could make sure , i would do it .
and then the mother &apos;s day is now in the fourth of the day or fifth .
i &apos;m here to share my photography with you .
is it at all ?
because that &apos;s , of course , a picture you can &apos;t get with your camera .
but i was also starting to photography photography , when i received my first video camera , at age 15 .
i combined it with my former restrictions on the drawing , but it was a little different , because when the camera was using the camera , it was more like planning in planning .
and if you &apos;re recording a picture with a camera , the process is going to end up with a match .
so for me , it seemed more like photography , right now , to be the right place at the right time .
i believed everybody could .
so i wanted to create something else , something that begins when the process is kept shipping .
photos like this : a construction site down a lot of the road .
but it &apos;s a kind of unexpected twist .
and yet , still a realistic level .
or photos like this -- dark and dark at the same time , but all with the common goal to keep a realistic level .
when i say reality , i mean , i &apos;m going to make a lot of my favorite .
because , of course , you can &apos;t get to get it , but i want to make it look like you can still see it , in a photograph .
photos that you have to think of a moment to figure out the trick .
so it &apos;s more like understanding an idea of what a moment .
but what is the trick that makes it realistic ?
is it about the details or the colors ?
is it about the light ?
what &apos;s the illusion ?
sometimes the illusion is the illusion .
but the end of the day , it &apos;s about how we &apos;re going to interpret the world , and how it can make it tangible up on a two-dimensional surface .
it &apos;s not what realistic is what is realistic , but what we &apos;re thinking about is realistic .
so i think the essentials are very simple .
i think it &apos;s a puzzle of reality where you can take different pieces and create different pieces and create an alternative reality .
and let me show you a simple example .
we have three perfectly resolve here , solves the physical objects that we all relate to in a three-dimensional world .
but in a certain way , in a certain way , you can create something that still looks still like a beer , as if it might exist .
but at the same time , we know that it &apos;s not possible .
so we cheat our brains , because our brains are simply not quite going to make sense .
and i see the same process in combine of photographs .
it &apos;s really just about combine different realities .
so the things that make a picture realistic look like , i think it &apos;s the things we don &apos;t think about , the things around us in our day-to-day lives .
but if we combine photographs , it &apos;s really important to think about it , because otherwise you just see it wrong .
so i would say that there &apos;s three simple laws following obey follow a viable outcome .
as you can see , these are not three special images .
so , combine something special , and then you can do something special here .
so the first rule is that combined photographs should have the same perspective .
secondly , to put together the same amount of photos .
and these two pictures are actually taken out of these two demands -- from the same height .
and the third is not to be able to tell us where the single images start , and end by trying to connect them seamlessly .
it makes it impossible to say how this photograph was put together .
so by the way , contrast and contrast to the edges of the single images , photographic colors , and some of the things that are mixed with the edges between the various images , and , as a single photograph , we have the limits between the various images , and then you can see the whole picture , although a picture can contain , basically hundreds of layers of levels .
here &apos;s another example .
you may think that this is just a landscape , and the bottom one is being manipulated .
but this picture is actually completely composed , from photos of different places .
i personally think it &apos;s easier to create a place that is more easier to create a place , because you have to have no trade-offs with the ideas in your head .
but it requires a lot of planning .
and when i had this idea in winter , i knew that i would need several months to try to plan them to try to figure out the different places , the bits of the puzzle .
for instance , the fish had been taken on a single town .
the waterfront came from another place .
the average sea is made from a quarry .
and yes , i even got the house up on the island of red red to make the swedish look look like it .
so to get a viable result , it &apos;s going to be like a way to look at planning .
i always start with a act , an idea .
and then it &apos;s about the combination of different images .
and here &apos;s a piece of planned for each piece .
and if you make good footage , the result can be pretty beautiful , and rather realistic .
so , there are all tools , and the only thing that we &apos;re going to do is we &apos;re going to do the imagination .
thank you .
i would like to talk to you about why so many electronic &apos;clock has failed to fail .
and i think the most important thing is that we stopped talking to our patients .
and one of the things that we &apos;ve introduced to the bird &apos;s penis was to be able to do a sea system .
it &apos;s not a scientific event , and you &apos;ll go up and ask a cup of coffee or tea , the patient , the relatives , the relatives , &quot; how are we ?
how can we help you ? &quot;
and we think we want this one of the problems that is one of the problems that all -- perhaps most of the electronic francisco failed , because we stopped listening .
this is my favorite page . it &apos;s a very simple thing .
she has a button .
and every morning i go .
and yeah , i have a job , you may recognize .
i got my job for 95 kilograms of my work .
it &apos;s just working : every time i go to the scale , it &apos;s also going to google my health .
and there &apos;s also taken from my rented second second , so that it can see where my favorite record is , not just in the moment i have a politician , and it &apos;s not just the moment that i think about the past .
there &apos;s something else .
maybe you know that , i &apos;ve got over 4,000 points on twitter .
so every morning i go to my school and people talk about me before i &apos;m in the car , &quot; for lunch , &quot; just like a little girl today , &quot; a little salad today , &quot; collects a little salad today . &quot;
but this is the most potent thing that can happen , because this is the pressure , you can use your pressure , you can help help help the patients , or it could be used to smoking it .
it could also be used to get people out of their chairs , and they can get them to play in some kind of game to control their health .
and then the next week is that the market is going to go .
it will give you a little bit of this little carbon dioxide to stick on one iphone or so .
and it will allow people to measure their blood pressure from home to the physician , to send it to their physician , for example , to share with it for something more than 100 dollars .
at this point , the patients are going to play the game , they can &apos;t just take control of the control , but the health of health care , but also also help us with the health of the challenges that are facing us , and the health care of health , and so on .
they &apos;re making a lot of ways to take them , and start embracing patients in the team .
and that can do it through such a way , but it also has begun through crowdsource .
and one of the things we &apos;ve done is i want to share with you through a quick video .
we &apos;ve all got the capacity in our cars .
maybe even in our cell phone .
we know exactly where all the classrooms are around the world .
we know one more thing about where all the gas stations are .
and clear , we can find more dynamic .
but where would the next family be able to help this patient ?
we have a handle , and nobody knew it .
nobody knew where the next life-saving was found at this moment .
so what did we do ? we did an netherlands .
we &apos;ve got a website and a crowd asked , &quot; if you see a beer , please share with us , you &apos;ll share with you where it is , &quot; because sometimes it &apos;s closed in the wake of the fish , of course .
and over 10,000 years of smallpox , they &apos;ve been reported in the netherlands .
the next step was to find the apps that are going to be able to find this .
and we &apos;ve designed a design model .
we &apos;ve developed an app for the design of the world , augmented reality to find these kinds of targets .
and if you &apos;re in a city like a gymnasium , and someone is down , you can use your iphone , and within the next weeks , your own energy industry can save the next one of the world &apos;s life .
and by today , we don &apos;t just want to just like a single measure of what the product is called but also as a drug company .
and we want to get this one in a global scale .
and we ask our colleagues in the world , from other universities , to help us help us behave like the world behaves , to crowdsource these kinds of values around the world .
and if you &apos;re on holiday and someone is down to it , it &apos;s your own blood cycle , or someone else , you can find a game of noise .
the other thing that we want to ask is that companies around the world are helping us to help us with approval of these kinds of aid .
these could be predictive , or an engineer , for instance , just to make sure that the average revolution still has to be in its place , still in its place .
please help us , and try to make the health , not just to improve the health , but take it to your hand .
thank you .
today , i &apos;m going to report by unexpected discoveries .
i work in the field of aviation .
and my little bit of a little bit of my mind , that we &apos;re going to force ourselves to do it by ...
... it &apos;s given attention to frustrating .
here &apos;s a quick video of what we do .
oh , a moment .
it may take you until it &apos;s put up .
now -- we can just skip the way -- i &apos;ll just skip the video ...
no .
this is not ...
okay .
it &apos;s ...
oh , my time is over ?
okay . thank you .
so a few years ago , i started a program to get the stars in technology and to get away from a year , which is pretty much what they really hate , we have to work in the government .
the program is called &quot; code for america , &quot; and it &apos;s a little bit like the duty of america .
we choose some fellows , and we &apos;re going to work with them every year .
instead of sending them into the third world , we send them in a lot of time .
and there they evolved together to make a great apps working with urban collaborators .
but what you really do is to show what is possible today with technology .
so they &apos;re bringing al .
al is a ph.d. in the city of boston .
here it is , as if he &apos;s looking for a date , but what he really is looking for is somebody who &apos;s going to make him feel like he &apos;s a little good at the regular when he &apos;s got a foot in the middle of a foot .
how did he come to search for the particular way of looking for help ?
we had a team of fellows in boston in boston , which is the code for america , &quot; code for america .
they were in february , and it has been much more powerful about the last february .
and they realized that the city would never make these hydrant fire .
but a particular fellow , a man named erik sue , was another different , and that was that the residents are the sidewalks of the sidewalks , directly in front of these parts .
so he did what every good developers would do , he wrote an app .
it &apos;s a nice little app where you can actually adopt a fire hydrant .
you get to make him free , if it &apos;s snows .
if you do that , you can give him a name , and he called the first al .
if you don &apos;t do that , it can take anybody off .
so there &apos;s a nice little game dynamic .
this is a humble little app .
it &apos;s probably the smallest of 21 apps that have written in the last year .
but she does something not something else .
it &apos;s spreading rapidly .
this guy is in the morning division of the city &apos;s office , which has seen that app could use this app not for snow , but to adopt the citizens of the state .
it &apos;s very important that these are working together , but the people stealing the batteries .
so he got the citizens to check it .
and then seattle decided to use the app to be able to clean the app and get the citizens to clean the clogged .
and chicago has just been introduced to the people who are the most excited when it &apos;s obese .
so we now know nine cities , they &apos;re planning to use this app .
and she always spreads it organic , of course .
if you know something about sports , you know , it doesn &apos;t normally work .
the power of software is a few years from the rule .
we had a team that worked last year in boston , for three people , to a half of the time .
it was a way to find out with the parents who are the right public schools for their children .
we later told us that if it would go over the normal channels , it would have taken over two years , and it would have been over two million dollars .
and that &apos;s not even a thing .
there &apos;s a project in california right now that the taxpayer has paid two billion dollars , and it doesn &apos;t work .
and there are projects like this on every level of the government .
so an app that &apos;s written in a few days , and then it spreads out of the output &apos;s because it &apos;s a kind of shot before the institution of the government .
it shows how the government could work better -- not more like a private company , how many people think it should be .
and not even like a car crash , it &apos;s more like the internet itself .
and that means free access , which means open and productive .
and that &apos;s important .
but the more important thing about this app is that you represent a new generation that has been primordial to rethink the problem of the government -- not as the problem of collective action .
and that &apos;s a very good news , because it shows that we &apos;re very good at collective manufacturing , with digital technology .
now there &apos;s a huge community of people who make the tools that we need to tackle things effectively together .
it &apos;s not just &quot; code for america , &quot; there are hundreds of people all over the country who write up and write their own lives every day in their own communities .
they didn &apos;t give up the government .
they &apos;re terribly frustrated with their , but they don &apos;t complain about them , they fix them .
and these people know what we &apos;ve lost from the eyes .
and that &apos;s when you all know your feelings about politics and the snake in the front of the day , and all the other things forget that we &apos;re really upset with the government , in the words of tim o &apos;clock , &quot; what we do in common o &apos;clock . &quot;
now , a lot of people have given up the government .
and if you &apos;re one of those people , i urge you to be able to do it , because things change .
politics doesn &apos;t change ; the government is in change .
and because the government finally gets to your force from us -- is to say , &quot; we &apos;re the people ? &quot; -- how we think about it , how do we change this change .
i didn &apos;t know much about government when i started this program .
and as many people , i thought , it was mostly about to choose people to be in office .
now after two years , i &apos;ve come to the conclusion that it &apos;s usually local in the local communities .
this is the call for service and information .
and you &apos;ve normally come out , if you &apos;re in your city of hawaii .
if you &apos;ve ever had the opportunity to work in your local call called how our fellow scott index as part of the program -- in fact , do you do all this -- will you see that the people , the government , the government , is that there &apos;s a lot of work in your house .
so scott gets this kind of drone video .
he type &quot; refers to &quot; official database . &quot;
and he &apos;s not really an idea . he &apos;s beginning to get the chief rating .
and finally , he says , can you just open all the doors in your house and see very loud music , and see if the livestock is the engine ?
and that worked , and that worked , for scott .
but that was not the end of the day .
boston didn &apos;t just call a call .
it has an app , a graphic , and a gps nut , called &quot; shhh maker .
we didn &apos;t write the app .
this is a work that &apos;s really useful people in the office of the new urban tile in boston .
one day -- this is a actual report -- it &apos;s actually been a report , &quot; i can &apos;t say if it &apos;s dead .
how do i get it away ? &quot;
but what &apos;s happening with &quot; aw sound &quot; is different .
scott spoke , man &apos;s human being .
but on &quot; decisive salad . &quot; is all public so anybody can see it .
and in this case , it looked a neighbor .
and the next point we got was , &quot; i went over there , &quot; i went through the garbage behind the house .
telegraph ? yes . alive ? invest .
turned the garbage down on the page . went home .
good night , sweetness is tall . &quot;
pretty simple .
this is great . this is what digital means is .
and it &apos;s also a good example of how the government gets to crowdsource this .
but it &apos;s also a great example of the government as a platform .
and i &apos;m not necessarily a technical definition of the platform .
i &apos;m talking about a platform for people to help themselves and help themselves .
a citizens helped another citizens , but the government played a central role here .
they were connected these two people .
and you would have to connect them to state leaders if they had it needed , but a neighbor is a far better and cheaper alternative to state services .
if a neighbor helps the other , we strengths .
let &apos;s call the control of the user , it costs a lot of money .
one of the most important things is that we need to think about it , is that government is not the same as politics .
and most people understand that but they believe that one is the input of the other .
that our contribution to the system is that it &apos;s going to be the vote .
how many times we have a political leader -- and sometimes we &apos;ve used a lot of energy to choose a new political leaders -- and then we &apos;re going back to the government , and we expect our values to reflect , and then we don &apos;t have a lot of change ?
that &apos;s because the government like a farther ocean is , and politics is the top of the top .
and what &apos;s underneath is what we call bureaucracy .
and we use this word with such contempt .
but it &apos;s the contempt that we have , and we pay for it to be something that works against us , something else , and then we &apos;ll push ourselves .
people seem sexy , politics is sexy .
if we want this institution for us , we need bureaucracy , we need bureaucracy .
because that &apos;s where the actual lifestyle is happening .
we need to be able to do the machinery of the government .
so the media has done it .
did you see these guys ?
it &apos;s a group of more useful citizens who wrote a very detailed piece of writing , which is a response to the most appropriate part of the brain .
that &apos;s not political active , that &apos;s transformative .
now , for those of us who have given the government , it &apos;s time we think about it , we think about the world we want to leave our children .
you have to imagine the enormous challenges you have to do .
do we really believe that we have to do what we need to do without improving the institution that can act on us all ?
a government is absolutely necessary , but it has to be more efficient .
the good news is that technology is able to do it , the function of the government in a way that can actually achieve something by producing society .
and there &apos;s a generation that has grown up the internet , and it knows that it &apos;s not so hard to do things together , you have to just build things right .
now the average age of our fellows is 28 , so i &apos;m , unfortunately , almost one generation older than most of you .
this is a generation that grew up with a benefit that is also up to you .
they &apos;re not fighting this fight that we all fight , to be able to talk to who &apos;s going to talk to them .
you can make your opinion , at every channel , and you do it .
so , if you &apos;re faced with the problem of the government , you don &apos;t care so much about your voices .
they use their hands .
they use their hands to write applications that improve the government &apos;s work .
and these apps let us use our hands to improve our communities .
that could be , a fire hydrant , zeros too squeezed , a garbage garbage wore a bicycle with a twist on a flip perspective .
and sure , we would have these fire hydrant all the time , and many people do it .
but these apps are like little digital memories that we &apos;re not only consumers , and we &apos;re not only consumers of the government who pay taxes and performance benefits .
we are more than that , we &apos;re citizens .
and we &apos;re not going to improve government until we improve the citizenship .
so the question i &apos;ve all got for you here : if it &apos;s the big , important things we need to do together , all of us , will we all be a lot of voices , or will we be a lot of hands ?
thank you .
it &apos;s usually my role to explain the people as wonderful as the new technologies that are going to be the emergence , and i thought i was going to be here with friends , i would tell you what i really think , and i &apos;m trying to see what i really think is about friends .
i &apos;m going to start to show you a single , boring slide .
... if you just give you the slide .
this is a slide that i &apos;ve picked up from my folder .
i &apos;m not going to be the details of the slide , but it &apos;s rather a overall form .
this slide shows you data from an analysis of global processors compared to the performance of a single area networks .
the interesting thing here is that this slide is like so many other that we find a lot of the other , a kind of a curve of the curve .
in other words , every step here is a potency in cancer .
and this is a novelty that we have to use this type of scale on the area of technology .
something very strange is happening here .
so this is basically what i &apos;m going to talk about .
so , if you could turn the light back again .
even brighter , because i &apos;m going to draw something on the paper here .
now , why do we draw graph in the technology on the main side ?
the reason for that is when i was going to draw it on a normal curve , where we say , we &apos;re going to have the time , so the timeline is a way of the technology that i want to argue with a graph , the graph is silly .
and then you see it .
and that &apos;s not telling us much .
now , if i &apos;ve been able to record another technology , we &apos;ll say a little bit more , then this would be very irrational , so this on the planet would be very irrational , in shape of a flat line .
but if something like this is happening , it changes the most important circumstances .
so if the oil companies would be as fast as the fourth progression would be , we could go into a cab and in 30 seconds we would go into tokyo .
but that &apos;s not that quick .
that was never before in the history of the world , the kind of magnitude of the growth , the kind of magnitude of the magnitude , which is increasing exponentially all the time .
the question i want to ask you to ask you is , if you look at this exponential curves , you can &apos;t go on .
it &apos;s not possible that everything is evolving for forever and forever as fast as it is .
there are two possibilities .
either you get to a classic family , like this , to something completely new , or it will be going to happen here .
that &apos;s in terms of it .
well , i &apos;m an optimist , so i think that &apos;s something like this .
so it &apos;s really , really , that we &apos;re right now in the middle of a transition .
we &apos;re here on this line , in a transition from the earlier world to a new kind of world .
so the question i want to ask , i also think , is this new world being going to be like this new world ?
what is this new state to the world takes slowly ?
because the transition seems to be very , very confusing , if you &apos;re in the middle of there .
when i was a kid , there was the future somewhere in 2000 , and the people were talking about what would happen in the year in 2000 .
now , we &apos;ve got a conference where people talk about the future , and you find that the future still is in 2000 .
it &apos;s more than that .
so in other words , the future is been gone every year in the world .
i think the reason for that is that we realize that there &apos;s something that is happening .
the transition is going to be . we can feel it all .
and we know that there &apos;s just no sense of trying to do 30 or 50 years into the future because everything is so different that a simple thing we don &apos;t actually make sense of what &apos;s just going to do .
i want to talk about what that might be , that transition in that we are right now .
to do this , i &apos;m going to talk about some other things that really nothing do with technology or computers .
because i think to really understand this , we have to go back to a step back and look at the thing on a longer scale .
and i want to look at this in the world &apos;s life during the world .
i believe the big picture makes sense if you divided it into a few bits .
so let &apos;s go back to the same , and it &apos;s a half billion years , the earth was a big , wasteful industry with a lot of the floating chemicals in the floating chemicals .
and if you look at the way that these chemicals were organized , then we have a pretty good picture of how they &apos;re doing the same thing .
i think there are theories that start to understand how everything is done with rna , but i &apos;ll tell you a simplified story of what is that that time , there &apos;s little droplet droplet systems that contain different kinds of drugs .
some of these droplet oil droplet combined with chemicals that allow them to integrate other chemicals from the outside , and grow up .
and all the way that they were moving was already .
these little droplet droplet times the most primitive of the brain .
but these times aren &apos;t oil droplet , in the way , because each one of them was just a small , prescription recipe by chemicals .
and every time it divided , they have been distributed to the other parts that chemicals in it .
so each droplet of each droplet was a little different .
in fact , the droplet of the growth of the breast cancer waste had faster than others and integrated and more chemicals from the outside and shared faster .
so , these tended to survive longer and they grew up in an all-time long .
so this is just a very simple chemical form of life , but more interesting , when the droplet of the droplet learned about abstraction .
in any way , in any way we haven &apos;t seen this droplet , the frequency is learned , information processing .
they &apos;ve learned to store the recipe as information , and in a certain chemical form , which we call dna .
in other words , they &apos;ve found a way that allowed them to find a way that allowed them to be made of what they were made of , so that it was stored and copied it .
the amazing thing is that this kind of information has been able to store the same information over the time of a mile , which is exactly the same .
in fact , the recipe for us , which is the exact same code , and the same spelling .
and every living organism is used , the same code , and the same code .
we are so far that we can write , just to be able to write the self in this code .
and i &apos;ve got a little bit of a white wall here , which i &apos;m trying to keep in airports for the way that i &apos;m going to try to keep out of the street .
it &apos;s -- what i &apos;ve done is i &apos;ve taken this code -- the code is out of normal letters , which we use to be a few -- and i &apos;ve written my card card on a piece of dna , and it &apos;s written 10 ^ 22 times .
so if somebody wants to make a hundred million copies of my business card , i have enough to have enough for everyone in this room , and it &apos;s right here .
i would be a major issue , then i would have been writing it on a virus and released it into the room .
so what &apos;s the next step ?
the dna level of dna was an interesting step .
and the cells that made these cells -- that made them happy for another billion years .
but then another one , really interesting step , where things were completely different , which was started to communicate , and to interact with these cells , that communities made from cells .
i don &apos;t know if you knew that , but bacteria can actually exchange their dna .
it &apos;s also the reason why it grows to antibiotics .
some bacteria have found that they can be able to get stored by penicillin stay in the dna , and we have a lot of bacteria with other bacteria in the dna , and we have a lot of bacteria that are resistant to penicillin because the bacteria communicate with penicillin .
so this communication allowed now to be the community of communities , which , in some sense , were in the same boat . they were resigned .
so they either survived together , or they went together , which meant that if a community was successful , all the individuals of the community were repeated over and over the evolution of evolution .
the main time is there , where these communities are so close to the extent that they decided to write the recipe for the whole community in a computer to write the dna .
and the next interesting stage took about another billion years .
at that point , we have sub-saharan communities , communities from many of the most powerful parts of the world , which are a single primitive one .
in fact , we &apos;re also such a imaginative community .
we have a lot of cells that are not ready to be asked .
your skin cells are useless without heart cells , muscle cells , brain cells and so on .
so these communities started evolving , so the level of the things that happened was not the single cell , but the whole thing is that we call the organism .
and the next step was now within this communities .
they started abstract information in the process .
and they developed special structures that did nothing different than information within the organism .
and these are the neural structures .
so the neurons are the standard of the brain that has built these kinds of targets .
they started developing specialists in the community , special structures , which was responsible for learning , understanding and capturing information .
and this was the brain and the nervous system of these communities .
this gave them an evolutionary advantage .
because at this point , one individual -- learning happened now in the time of a single organism , rather than about this evolutionary period of time .
so , one organism could be learning to eat a certain fruit , because she liked bad fruit and he made him sick , the last time he ate it .
this could be a single organism in the lifetime of a single organism , whereas hundreds of thousands of years ago , it had to be learned from the individuals that died because of these fruit , because these aren &apos;t there yet .
so the nervous system has the core problem with this special reactor , because evolution could now be inside one individual .
it could take place in a time of a time .
what happened after that is that the individual organisms found a way to communicate each other .
once again , the human being known as the same thing is the human language .
it &apos;s a quite intriguing invention , but it &apos;s a rather amazing invention .
i &apos;ve got a very complicated , and most of the things i &apos;m going to do is to put a very complicated , and i &apos;ve got a idea in my head .
i &apos;m sitting here , basically , a lot of sudden sounds , in the hope , to create a similar idea in your head that has a sense of how to make a sense of my head .
so we take something very complicated , it transform in sound around , a sequence of sound , and making something very complicated in the mind of others .
so this is what allows us to work again as a unified organism .
and what we did actually is we started , humanity , is we started abstract .
we through the same distribution that we have gone through -- the abstraction of our methods -- the abstraction of our methods , as we can imagine , process .
the invention of language was a little step in that direction .
so , computers , computers , et , haydn , are eager , are our specialized mechanisms that we built in our community to handle that information .
and it connects us all together to something that is much bigger , and it &apos;s capable of developing faster than we &apos;ve been able to do it .
so today , evolution can happen at the time of microseconds .
you &apos;ve seen a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a science program , right in front of your eyes .
so we &apos;ve got the gene again again .
the first steps of the story that i told you would put after one billion years a piece .
the next steps , as the nervous system and the brain , after several hundred million years .
then the steps of the steps , like language and so on , went through less than a million years .
and the next steps , like electronics , are not that there &apos;s a few decades to take .
the process is feeding itself , and it becomes , i think , a lot of time , the word for it -- if something its prescription increases .
the more it changes , the faster it changes .
and i think that &apos;s what we see here in this explosion .
we see the process that feeds itself from itself .
i live a living professionally on building computers , and i know that i &apos;m using the mechanism to build computers , not without the recent advances in technologies .
my current activity is to design objects with such high complexity that it &apos;s impossible to design this in traditional sense .
i don &apos;t know what every single transistor is going to do in the security industry .
it has billions of them .
what i do instead , and the designers of thinking about thinking differently is going to be a certain degree of thinking , this machine , and the machine makes something that our skills , the way , the machine makes it more than better and faster than we could ever make it yourself .
and it makes it partially of a lot of ways that we don &apos;t even understand right now .
and a method that is particularly interesting , and which i &apos;ve used to spend a lot of time , is evolution itself .
we put a behavioral superpower in this machine that &apos;s going to happen in the field of record .
to call an example , in the extreme cases , we can create a program that evolved from random instructions .
we say , &quot; computers , please , please give a hundred million randomly to sequence sequences of instructions .
now , they &apos;re going to give all these elected instructions , lead all the programs , and pick the one of the things i &apos;m talking about . &quot;
so in other words , i define what i want .
let &apos;s say , i want to look at numbers , that would be a simple example that i &apos;ve used for this .
so find programs that can rank numbers on the most extreme numbers .
of course the chance of random instructions is very small , that you just can &apos;t rank numbers by chance , so you probably don &apos;t have the instructions .
but one of those things , with some of those , likes two numbers in the right order .
now i &apos;m saying , &quot; computers , take the 10 percent of the sequence that would have my own services .
they store those , they repel , they repel .
now , all of the many things are going to be the number of people who have the best answers .
and that &apos;s a way of the original , analog to reproduction , to breed . &quot;
take two programs and they produce children through the exchange of their commitments , and the children are able to have the properties of the plantation of the two programs .
so , i have a new generation of programs that came through combinations of programs that have been something more closer to the aid of programs that have come to be more than others .
say , &quot; please repeat this process . &quot;
they &apos;ll go back again .
maybe lead some mutations .
and try to do this one another thing .
all of these generations , they have a few milliseconds .
and so i can run a evolution over millions of years in the computer in a few minutes , or a few more than a little bit of time .
and finally , i get programs that can be lost .
the fact is , these programs are so much more efficient than any program i &apos;ve ever had .
and then i can look at these programs , then i can &apos;t tell you how they work .
i &apos;ve tried to understand them .
it &apos;s fooled , strange programs .
but they do the job .
i know , i &apos;m sure you do the job , because you &apos;re going to come from a series of options programs that have done the job .
because your life was off , whether they did it right .
i sat down in a 747 with marvin minsky , but he &apos;s a map of him , and he says , &quot; oh look . look at that . look at that . look at that .
there &apos;s this airplane of a plant-based diet that &apos;s going to work together to make your flight safer . &apos; don &apos;t you do it ? &quot;
we know that a vaccine isn &apos;t optimal when it becomes too complicated .
so we start leaving computers for a process that different engineering advances are different .
he allows us to make things with a lot more complexity than it would allow the normal methods to produce .
and yet , we don &apos;t understand the opportunity .
so , the technology is to be the technology .
we use these programs now to make the computer much faster , so we can be able to make these processes even faster .
so it &apos;s kind of a conceptual thing .
it gets faster and faster and i think that &apos;s why it seems so puzzling .
because all these new technologies from today are feeding themselves .
we &apos;re up to raise .
we &apos;ve been at a point where analog is at the time , as a matter of fact , as a result of the city .
so we &apos;re the default rate of the world , and we can &apos;t even make it up , which is the hell we &apos;re doing .
we are in the middle of this apartment .
but i really believe that after something else .
i think it &apos;s very much a lot of us to say that we &apos;re the end of evolution .
and i believe we all are part of the creation of what &apos;s going to happen to the next .
well , the lunch is before , and i think i &apos;ll hear here before i &apos;m going to get a day .
my story begins right here in rajasthan , about two years ago .
i was in the desert with multiple ali ali under the desert with multiple ali ali .
we talked about that , that has nothing changed since the time of the ancient indian journal of the mahabharata . &quot;
if we wanted to travel at the time , we left a car and vice versa .
now we &apos;re doing this with airplanes .
at the time , when the great indian york had harry / 11 , he took a bow hit in the floor and water came out .
now we &apos;re going to do this with a lot of time and machines .
so we came to the conclusion that magic and magic were replaced with machines .
so that made me feel sad .
i got some fear of technology .
i &apos;m afraid that i could lose the ability to enjoy the sunset without camera camera , without default , to my friends .
i found that technology should make magic possible and not kill .
when i was a little girl , my grandfather gave me his little silver counter .
this piece of old technology was going to be the most powerful thing for me .
she became a golden stream to a world full of pirates and metastatic and to pictures of my imagination .
i thought that was like the sending to clocks and cameras from taking away .
they kept us being inspired by this .
and so i went into the world of technology to see how i could use it to allow the magic to kill a magic instead of killing .
with 16 , i started to illustrate books .
when i saw the ipad , i saw it as a device for storytelling , the reader in the world can connect the readers around the world .
it can know how we hold it .
it can know where we are .
it &apos;s getting pictures and text together , and animation , sound and touch .
it &apos;s also necessary that storytelling is always about a sense .
but what do we do with it ?
i &apos;m just going to go to the academic , an interactive ipad app .
here &apos;s &quot; put your fingers on every light . &quot;
and so -- here &apos;s &quot; this box is heard ... &quot; i write my name .
and i &apos;ll get a figure in the book .
and again , a letter of me will go down -- and the ipad knows through gps where i live -- that &apos;s really what i live in -- that &apos;s really what i &apos;m living with .
the kid in me is really thrilled with such a kind of ability .
i &apos;ve talked a lot about magic .
i don &apos;t mean a magician and kites , but it &apos;s the magic of childhood , the ideas that we all had as children .
fireflies just found in a glass of things , and i was always very exciting .
so you have to blow the ipad off here and drop the water down .
and the light &apos;s kind of friendly the way the whole book is .
another idea that i &apos;ve been fascinated as a kid is that a whole galaxy can put in a single love .
and so , here &apos;s a book , and every world is a little bit of a marble , i &apos;m going to become a magical device in the device .
and this opens up a map .
they &apos;ve always had maps , but these maps were static .
this map is growing , and it &apos;s it &apos;s a sense of remix in the rest of the book .
she &apos;s also showing them the other way of the book .
i &apos;m going to be in this .
it &apos;s also important to make me care about something that is more important , but also very much more powerful .
this is the main disk .
we &apos;ve all heard of the latest news and hear about how many people outside india know their indian colleagues , the main revolution ?
the poor were caught in teeming for thousands of years in the peer-reviewed chambers of book .
and we bring them back , in a contemporary story for children .
a story that , in a matter of business , what &apos;s going to grow up with a new business , what the hell are going to be like .
the theme of the question , a big problem for the last 10 years is that children are sitting in their rooms , in their computers , without out .
but now with mobile technology , we can take our children in the natural world with their technology .
in an interaction of the book , you &apos;ll be sent to a search , you have to go out and collect the ipads of natural images .
as a kid , i had collections of sacredness , rocks , explosives and shell satellites .
somehow , the children don &apos;t make it .
it &apos;s taken up . you have to go out to a single one of a flower to you in a chapter one of a flower .
in another chapter , you have to tag a piece of glass and tag .
so , in fact , you create a digital collection of photographs that you can then put online .
a kid in london shows the image of a book and says , &quot; oh , i &apos;ve seen a fox . &quot;
a kid in india says , &quot; i &apos;ve seen a monkey . &quot;
it creates a kind of social network around a digital collection of photographs that actually took them .
there &apos;s a variety of ways of connecting the magic and technology to connect with each other .
the next book we &apos;re designing a interaction where you use the ipads &apos;s video and augmented reality through an augmented reality animation that seems to appear on a plant front of a house .
at a point , they &apos;re filling up the screen with leaves .
you have to make the sound of the laser , it blow off and the rest of the book read .
we all move to a world where the natural forces of the technology come to the technology , and in the magic and technology , we can get at each other .
we use the energy of the sun .
we bring our children and we closer to the natural world and the magic , fun and the love of our childhood through the simple medium of history .
thank you .
this is really an extraordinary honor to me .
i spend most of my time with people in prison , prisons , or food programs .
i spend most of my time with the socially weakest in the wild and in places where there &apos;s a lot of hopelessness .
to be ted here at ted , and to hear how stimulating that is , i &apos;ve given a lot of power .
in the moment , i was going to be able to tell me , ted has an identity .
you can say things that have influence the world .
and sometimes , if something about ted comes from , it gets a meaning and strength that would not have .
i say that because i believe that identity is very important .
we &apos;ve seen some fantastic presentations .
i believe that we &apos;ve learned that the words of a teacher has meaning , but that the words of a committed teacher are particularly meaningful .
as a doctor , you can do good . as a physician , you can do more .
and so i want to talk about the power of identity .
i didn &apos;t learn this in my work as a lawyer .
i learned that from my grandmother .
i was a big president , a traditional household household , who was dominated by a matriarch , and the matriarch was my grandmother .
she was a tough , strong woman , she had effect .
she had the last word in every single person .
it was the point of what we do in our family .
she was the daughter of a woman &apos;s office .
their parents were born in the austen islands as slaves .
she was born by 1880 , and the experience of slavery shaped very strong .
my grandmother was strong , but she was also loving .
when i met her as a little boy , she came up to me and gave me a hug .
she said , i couldn &apos;t breathe , then i would leave it .
one or two hours later , when i came across her , she came up to me and said , &quot; oh , gee , feel my embrace ? &quot;
and if i say no , i gave her a great job , and when i said , &quot; yes , i got it .
and you had something that was made , you &apos;ve always wanted to be close to your way .
the only problem that they had was that they had 10 children .
my mother was the youngest of their 10 children .
sometimes , if i wanted to spend time with her , it was hard to get your attention .
my cousins walked around .
i remember , i &apos;ve got to be eight or nine , that i woke up one day and i would go and walked my cousins . all my cousins would go around .
my grandmother was at the end of the room , and he &apos;s staring at me .
first of all , i thought that was a game .
i looked at her and smiled , but she looked very serious .
this was like 15 or 20 minutes , and then she stood over and came over . she took me to my hand and said , &quot; come on , buddy . you and i have to talk . &quot;
i remember it was yesterday .
i &apos;ll never forget it .
she took me outside , and she said , &quot; i &apos;m going to tell you something , but you have to promise you that you don &apos;t have to be able to get it . &quot;
i said , &quot; promised , grandma . &quot;
she said , &quot; well , &quot; i said , &quot; yeah . &quot;
and she sat down , and she said , &quot; i want you to know that i &apos;m sure you &apos;ve seen you &apos;ve seen you . &quot;
she said , &quot; i think you &apos;re special . &quot;
she said , &quot; i think you can do anything you want . &quot;
i &apos;ll never forget that .
then she said , &quot; you &apos;ve got to promise me three things . &quot;
i said , &quot; okay , grandma . &quot;
she said , &quot; first of all , i &apos;m going to be happy to love your mama . &quot;
she said , &quot; your mama is my baby , and you have to promise to you that you &apos;re always going to take care of them . &quot;
i joined my mom , so i said , &quot; yeah , grandma , i &apos;ll do this . &quot;
then she said , &quot; well , next thing i &apos;m going to do is you &apos;ll always do the right thing . &quot;
i thought , &quot; yeah , grandma . i promise it . &quot;
and finally , she said , &quot; the last thing you have to promise to me is , &quot; you don &apos;t have to drink alcohol . &quot;
well , i was nine years old , and i said , &quot; yeah , grandma . i promise it . &quot;
i grew up on the land , in the old , rural south , and i have a brother , which is a year older and a year younger sister .
when i was about 14 or 15 , one day my brother came home , and he took his sister beer with his sister and i was walking into the forest .
we &apos;re just going to be able to do it around the way .
then he took a teenage beer and offered my sister &apos;s party , and she took me , and then she offered me one .
i said , &quot; no , no , no . it &apos;s all right . i don &apos;t want a beer . &quot;
my brother said , &quot; well , do you know , now , we do it , but we do whatever we do .
i had what , your sister had what i had . go ahead and make a beer . &quot;
i said , &quot; i don &apos;t want to . just do it . just do it . &quot;
my brother staring at me .
he said , &quot; what &apos;s going on with you ? now , what do you do ? &quot;
and then he looked at me and said , &quot; oh no , you &apos;re still not doing anything yet to grandma ? &quot;
i said , &quot; what are you talking about ? &quot;
he said , &quot; grandma tells all the grandchildren that they &apos;re special . &quot;
i was devastated .
i &apos;ll tell you something .
i probably shouldn &apos;t do that .
this is going to translate publicly to public .
i &apos;m 52 years old , and i &apos;m going to make sure that i never drink a drop of alcohol .
i don &apos;t say that because i believe that it &apos;s virtuous . i say that identity does mean identity .
if we create the right kind of identity , we can tell people around us that they don &apos;t believe in the first way .
we can get them to do things that they thought they were not .
of course , my grandmother would tell all their grandchildren , they were special .
my grandfather was in prison during the prison prison .
my uncles died of most of the diseases .
and they believed that these are the issues we have to take care of .
i &apos;ve tried to say something about our own computer .
this country is different than 40 years ago .
so in march of 300,000 people , they were in prison and in prison .
today , there are 2.3 million .
the united states today has the highest incarceration rate of the world .
seven million people are left to be left or stiff with stiff water .
i think that &apos;s fundamentally changing our world &apos;s world .
in social weak and black parts of the population , despair would have despair and hopelessness , because of these changes .
one of three male black between 18 and 30 is in custody , or in prison , on prison , or with stiff jewelry .
in urban communities , in los angeles , baltimore to washington -- are 50 to 60 percent of all the young young men ever in prison , in prison , or on the near , or stiff , or nails .
but our system is not just designed by questions that have been able to do with the relationship of the arts , it &apos;s also being deformed by poverty .
we have a high school system that &apos;s more than that , if you &apos;re rich and guilty of it as poor and innocent .
assets , not capturing , impacts the outcome .
but yet , we seem to be very content with this .
a politics of fear and anger , we believe that these problems are not our problems .
we lost the contact .
i think that &apos;s interesting .
there &apos;s a few more profound developments .
my state state alabama would have alabama permanently saying that , if you &apos;re prosecuted .
here , in alabama , so 34 percent of the male black population has lost their rights .
we &apos;re entering the average of 10 years of the average of the civic sector as high as the average of the city &apos;s commercial security .
the silence is silent .
i represent children .
a lot of my clients are very young .
the united states of america is the only country in the world , the most talented children in the world , who &apos;s convicted of death .
in this country , there &apos;s no genetic produced in this country &apos;s entire population .
we &apos;ve already run a lot of work .
the only country in the world .
i represent people in southern india .
the question of death is an interesting question .
we believe , because we &apos;ve taught that the real question is : has a man deserves to die for one of his troops ?
this is a very sensitive question .
but you can also think about how we see our identity .
the other way is not : anybody deserves a crime for a crime , but we would make it to kill you ?
i think that &apos;s fascinating .
the death penalty in america is defined by error .
in nine people who we &apos;ve executed , one that we &apos;ve been executed for innocent members that were actually sufficient and from death death .
an amazing thing about the one of nine innocent .
i think that &apos;s fascinating .
we would never let anybody fly on an airplane if you fly out for nine planes , the fired one .
but somehow we can do it , we &apos;re going to get it from this problem .
it &apos;s not our problem .
it &apos;s not our burden .
it &apos;s not our fight .
i talk a lot about these questions .
i talk about race and the question of whether we have the right to kill .
and it &apos;s exciting because i &apos;m a young african story , i &apos;m talking about slavery .
i &apos;m talking about terrorism , which is the time we reconstructed from the end of the world , until the beginning of the world war ii .
we don &apos;t really know a lot about it .
but for the men in this country , it was a time of terror .
in many places , people were afraid of cleaning up .
or bombs .
it was the fear of terror that their life shaped .
these older people come to me and say , &quot; mr , aphids , 4 , you &apos;re talking , you &apos;re talking , you &apos;re talking , you &apos;re talking , you &apos;re talking , you &apos;re talking , you &apos;re saying to the people in our nation &apos;s history , after 9 / 11 . &quot;
they say , &quot; no -- tell people that we grew up with it . &quot;
and after terror , of course , the segregated and decades of motivated surrender and apartheid .
and yet , there &apos;s a dynamic in our country -- we don &apos;t like to talk about our problems .
we don &apos;t like to talk about our history .
and so we don &apos;t really understand what our actions are in the historical context .
we &apos;re constantly putting together .
we &apos;re going to have a new tensions and conflict .
it &apos;s hard to talk about race , and i think that &apos;s because we &apos;re not willing to be willing to be the truth of the truth and reconciliation .
in south africa , people understood that the segregated is not to overcome the willingness to truth and reconciliation .
even after the genocide in rwanda , there was this willingness , but not in this country .
i &apos;ve been given some talks in germany to the death penalty .
it was fascinating , because one of the scientists after my talk , and said , &quot; you know , it &apos;s deeply bizarre to hear you talk about . &quot;
he said , &quot; in germany , there are no death .
and of course , they can never give them more . &quot;
it was totally silent . then a woman said , &quot; with our story , it &apos;s impossible that we &apos;ve ever got to give us the systematic killing of people .
it would be a lot of us , consciously , to people .
i thought about it .
as it would feel , in a world where german state would get people to live in the world , especially if there were many jews in the world .
it would be unbearable .
it would be torn up .
and yet , in this country , in the united states , we &apos;re going to put people in -- here &apos;s the risk of death , 11 times higher , if the victim is white , 22 times higher , if the victim is black , 22 times higher , if the victim is black , 22 times higher , if the body is white to hold people around the world .
and yet , there &apos;s this mental disconnection .
i believe our identity is threatened .
if we don &apos;t deal with these tough issues , the positive issues , the positive things that are affected .
we love innovation .
we love technology and creativity .
we love entertainment .
but finally , these realities are highly sensitive , abuse , serenity , apartheid , apartheid .
i think it seems to be important to unite both .
because we &apos;re starting to talk about more hope , more engagement , more commitment to being able to be in a complex world .
for me , it means doing this for me to do the time and talk about the poor , the disadvantaged , the disadvantaged , who never will be at ted .
but think of a way that is embedded in our own lives .
we all have to believe in the end of the way that we don &apos;t see .
we do that . so we &apos;re rational for sure .
innovation , creativity , and development , not just from our heads .
they come from ideas that are driven by the belief in our hearts .
it &apos;s the main thing that i believe that it &apos;s being driving us , not just open for the light and fuzzy things , but also also for the dark and the dark and the dark .
vaclav smil : the great american politician , once said
&quot; when we fought in eastern europe against the oppression , we wanted to do everything , but what we needed most was hope , a mental orientation , the willingness to be there , sometimes to be able to be witness and witness . &quot;
this mental orientation is the essence of what i believe is that the way the aid is to get involved .
there &apos;s no line to be technology and design that allows us to be completely human , even as long as we don &apos;t have eyes and ears for poverty , diarrhea and injustice .
i want to warn you . that kind of identity has a lot more than if we didn &apos;t care about it .
it &apos;s going to touch it deeply .
as a young lawyer , i was trying to meet the great privilege of being frozen .
woman came back to the arts , and they &apos;d come back to realize where they were two of their oldest friends , the older women , who had organized the u.s. bank -- an incredible british -- and virginia forbid , a white person , whose husband , dean , was pregnant .
so these women did and they have a talked .
and to get a woman , then , i said , &quot; well , the female parks is coming in the city . we want to have a conversation .
want to be in place and listen ? &quot;
and i said , &quot; yeah , very like . &quot;
she said , &quot; and what are you going to do when you &apos;re here ? &quot;
i said , &quot; i &apos;m going to listen . &quot;
and i just went over and listened to it .
it was always so inspiring , so it &apos;s been like this .
i was sitting there one day , and i listened to these women , and after a few hours , the church was going to be told to me , &quot; well , what about the same initiative for the same right .
what are you trying to do ? &quot;
i started with my usual talk .
i said , &quot; we &apos;re trying to run injustice .
they want to help people who were burned innocent .
we want to fight the bias and discrimination in the classroom .
we want to eliminate the entire number of oil bags without children &apos;s existence .
we want something to be the death penalty company .
we want to lower the number of prisoners .
we want to eliminate electoral fraud . &quot;
i gave my usual talk , and then she looked at me and said , &quot; well , sorry . financial games . &quot;
she said , &quot; that &apos;s going to make you very , very tired . &quot;
then she got a finger stuck in me , and she would put a finger on my face , and i said , &quot; and so you have to be very , very inconvenient . &quot;
and so i think that the ted community should be able to be a lot of the ted community .
we need to give ways to ask ourselves to ask ourselves , do we need to ask ourselves to have these challenges , this problems , that i &apos;m sorry .
because ultimately , our humanity , because it &apos;s ultimately depends on our humanity .
i learned very simple things in my work .
i &apos;ve learned a couple of simple things .
that we are all more than the worst thing we &apos;ve ever done .
i think that &apos;s true for every human being on the planet .
if somebody is lying , it &apos;s not just a liar .
if someone is taking something that doesn &apos;t heard he &apos;s just a thief .
even who kills someone &apos;s killer isn &apos;t just a killer .
and because that &apos;s what &apos;s going to be a fundamental human being that has to respect the law .
i believe that in many parts of this country , and with security in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
i don &apos;t think that &apos;s what i believe .
i believe that in many places the opposite of poverty is justice .
and finally , i think , although it &apos;s so dramatic , so beautiful and inspiring , we didn &apos;t end up in the end of our technology , not the things that we develop , not our intellect and minds .
it &apos;s ultimately not going to be a society that &apos;s measured their rich and powerful and privileged , but what they do with the poor , the long-term convicted of the challenge of creativity , the death council .
because in that context , we &apos;re starting to understand the real amazing things that make us feel .
sometimes i feel that i &apos;m going to be able to end up .
sometimes i urge too much .
i &apos;m going to make tired of how we all do .
sometimes these ideas ahead our sense of thinking , in very different ways , are in the very same way .
i represent these kids who were convicted in a very tough way .
i go to the training meeting , and then visit a clients who may be 13 or 14 years old , and the other way to court as a adults .
then i wonder , how could that happen ?
how can a judge turn somebody into something that he isn &apos;t ?
the judge looks like the adult , but i &apos;m looking at a kid .
i stayed up at a long time , and i thought my goodness , if a judge can turn us into something else , then he must have heard a lot of time .
right , wait , the judge has been completed .
you should be able to do whatever .
and because it was late , and i couldn &apos;t really think more really , i started working on a law .
i had a 14 year-old , poor black young young than clients .
and i started to speak to this bill . the headline was , &quot; bill , my poor , 14 black clients like an privileged to treat the white , white , skilled disabled .
in my law , i explained that error was the u.n. capacity and the police and the family of interest .
there was a crazy line of what there was nothing more like this country that is still error yet .
i woke up the next morning , and i didn &apos;t know if i was trying to &apos;ve been asked to just mention these crazy law or actually .
and to my horror , i didn &apos;t just have to be sent to the courts .
a few months went over and i had just forgotten everything .
but finally , i decided , my god , i have to say , &quot; i have to be the court and the crazy case .
i got in the car , and i was really overwhelmed with it .
so i went to the courts .
and i thought that it &apos;s going to be so hard to do that .
and finally , i went out of my car , and i went up to the court .
when i was the staircase , the president was an elderly , black man , the janitors in the court .
when he saw me , he came over to me and said , &quot; who are you ? &quot;
i said , &quot; i &apos;m a lawyer . &quot; he said , &quot; you &apos;re a lawyer ? &quot; i said , &quot; yes . &quot;
he came up with me and gave me a hug .
then he whispered to me .
he said , &quot; i &apos;m so proud of you . &quot;
and i have to say , &quot; i &apos;ve got power .
it touched something very deeply in me , identity , the ability to contribute every single one , a perspective of hope .
well , i went on the door .
and as soon as the judge saw me .
he said , &quot; mr. aphids , have you asked these crazy law ? &quot;
i said , &quot; yeah . &quot; and then we started to discuss .
and more people would come in , because they were angry .
i had written these crazy things .
they came in and she would come in and read and office .
in the middle of the day , the most popular was full of people who were angry , we were talking about poverty , about poverty , about inequality .
i saw the janitors from my school i saw the janitors and the janitors .
he looked back through the window and he could hear the whole horse .
he went up and down .
and finally , this older man came with a very heavy water pot in the front of the tunnel and sat down , almost on me , almost on the street .
ten minutes later , the judge announced a pause .
and during the pause , a single pile of mine came in , which was the janitors in the prison department .
this is the continued prison station over the older black .
he said , &quot; jimmy , what do you do in the field ? &quot;
the older black man stood up . he saw the chief chief , then he looked at me , and he said , &quot; i &apos;m here to say , &quot; i &apos;m here to say , &quot; i &apos;m here to say this young man , don &apos;t you . don &apos;t give it up .
i &apos;ve come to ted because i believe that many of you have figured out that the moral pendulum of the universe is far more fundamental , but it &apos;s the justice of the justice system .
that we &apos;re not designed as humans as humans , not as long as we don &apos;t care about human rights and care .
that our entire survival is connected to each other .
that we have to connect our visions of technology and design , of entertainment and creativity , to connect humanity , compassion and justice .
and especially , i want to do that by you who just can see that , just don &apos;t give the goal , don &apos;t you get the goal of your eyes . don &apos;t give up .
you have to see , in this audience , this community , an obvious wish , and is to help you do something .
what can we do ?
mt : well , there &apos;s no way there .
if you live in california , there &apos;s a whole thing in this spring , which is about to be a effort to do something , something from the most primitive thing that &apos;s going to happen in the politics of the ignorance of the politics .
here , in california , for example , in the next five years , you &apos;ll be a billion dollars for the death penalty market .
and yet , 46 percent of all the time not with one conviction .
56 percent of all the time they &apos;re not going to court .
here &apos;s the opportunity to do something .
this is a drug that will suggest to the money in more complex and safety .
i think there are opportunities everywhere .
over the last three decades , the u.s. population has been increasing enormously .
that fact is a lot of shared with the elevated family .
what would you say to someone who believes ?
well , in fact , the number of violence is not really changing .
most of the time in this country was not really found in the class of violence .
it was the fastest helmet against drugs .
so , the dramatic numbers are going to be the dangerous numbers in prison .
we &apos;ve made ourselves away from the rhetoric of punishment .
so we have a behavioral opportunity to put people in behind the grid for a while , for a computer that makes people feel good , for a computer , to make the theft of the theft of good , rather than that , you forces them to give the sacrifice of the sacrifice .
i think we need to do more to help people who have become victims of crime , not less .
and i think that our way of doing it doesn &apos;t help anybody do it .
i think that &apos;s what we need to change .
so , you can actually put a string string in the molecules .
they are an inspirational personality .
thank you for ted . thank you very much .
bin laden is a heightened state of increased air &apos;s exploration .
six : famine in somalia , speakers in somalia , have three : o.c. spray of the police .
four : targeted guards . five : dangerous , dangerous .
6 : social decline : seven , 65 , dead dead .
eight : triple , speakers : rosebud .
different speakers : mammoth of mass weapons . tornado .
recession : gridlock . martial arts , syria .
crisis . death . disaster .
oh , my god .
so these are just a few of the clips that i collected over the last six months -- but it would have been the last six days , or the last six years .
the fact is that the media would prefer to show us negative themes because our minds are really given to their attention .
and there &apos;s a very good reason for this .
every second day , our senses will be much more information than our brain can ever process .
and because of our survival , the first station is not about our survival station for all the information , the northwest seas .
so the phoenix is our early detection , our main estate is our main system .
it &apos;s put into the address and putting the whole information on the way to any relationship of risk in our environment .
so if we see the news , we prefer to look for negative news .
and the old saying , &quot; if you go to mind , demand is a very true market .
now , with all our digital devices that have seven days of the week that we have to include all of these negative news stories , it &apos;s not a miracle that we &apos;re pessimistic .
it &apos;s not a miracle that everybody thinks that the world is always worse .
but it &apos;s not the case .
it &apos;s probably the reality .
perhaps the enormous progress that we &apos;ve done in the past century , in a series of forces , is so strong that it &apos;s going to be possible in the next three decades to create a world of abundance .
well , i &apos;m not saying that we have no big problems -- climate crisis , water systems , water and energy energy -- we &apos;ve already got .
and as humans , we &apos;re much better at the same time , but i &apos;ll end up trying to overcome it .
but let &apos;s see what we &apos;ve achieved in the last century , so we can see that we can have evolved to change the development .
in the last 100 years , the average lifespan has been more than doubled that &apos;s the equivalent of inflation in inflation .
child mortality has reduced a tenth .
and that &apos;s where the most popular , health levels of health , and communication costs have reduced a reduced .
steve pinker in the way we showed us that we &apos;re in a peaceful time of life .
and loud respects is the millennium development rate that has been up by 25 percent of 25 percent .
we live in a really extraordinary time .
and many people forget this .
and we increase our expectations constantly .
in fact , we have redefined poverty .
remember that a large percentage of americans who live below poverty , access to electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , television , water , water , water , water , air control .
the richest penguin &apos;s last century , the world &apos;s largest decline , would never have been such a career dream .
the basis of a lot of these technologies , and they grow up .
my good friend ray kurzweil has shown us that every tool that is available information is going to be a great leaps on information technology , on the curve of moore &apos;s law , and the total of the news is doubling every 12 to 24 months .
that &apos;s why the mobile phone costs about a million times less than a million times less than a supercomputer .
now look at this curve .
this is moore &apos;s law of the last hundred years .
notice two things on this curve .
first of all , how smooth it is -- in good times , war or peace , recession , depression and security , depression and security .
this is the result of faster computers , bringing the faster computers .
it &apos;s not slow to be our big problems .
but also , despite your logarithmic school on the left , it &apos;s moving up .
the rate rate itself is accelerating .
and on this curve , on the back of moore &apos;s law , we find a series of extraordinary technologies that are available to all of us .
&quot; parting &quot; is something that my friends at autodesk are called &quot; online , sensors , networks , plant , robots , 3d printers that allow the personal production to climb on our planet , synthetic biology , fuels , vaccination , digital intelligence , artificial intelligence .
how many of you have seen the victory of ibm supercomputers at risk of the risk ?
that was great .
i &apos;ve got the newspapers to make the best headlines that i could find .
i love this : &quot; watson &apos;s long-term opponent of human adversary . &quot;
so risk is not a simple game .
it &apos;s about understanding the nuances of language .
imagine that this artificial intelligence intelligence was available to every owner of a child .
and so four years ago , ray kurzweil , and i came here at ted a new university , called singularity university .
we bring our students all these kinds of technologies to solve these technologies , focus on how these are used to be used to solve the grand challenges of humanity .
and every year we ask the students , business and services create products that can affect billions of people in a decade , and that can affect billions of people in a decade .
think about that , that a group of students can influence the lives of billions of people today .
30 years ago , it would have been ridiculous .
today , we can have dozens of companies that have been able to do this .
and if i think abundance , i don &apos;t mean life for any of the time ; it &apos;s about a life of luxury for anyone on this planet ; it &apos;s about to make a life full of possibilities .
it &apos;s about creating numerous goods abundance .
brevity is because there &apos;s a resource that is a forced to make a sudden a boost .
here &apos;s an example .
this is the story of almost secular religion in the middle of the 18th century .
he &apos;s the guy left .
he invited the king of dinner for dinner .
soldiers were soldiers who got dressed , badly , buying him .
the king of republicans who got tape tips .
aluminum was at that time the most valuable metal on the planet , more valuable than gold and platinum .
this is the reason why the dome of the heart was made of aluminum .
although aluminum lied percent is the population of the population , it &apos;s not as pure as pure metal .
it &apos;s connected by oxygen and oxygen .
but then the technology of the field was developed and made of aluminum so cheap that we use it to use our financial services .
then let &apos;s put this analogy into the future .
we &apos;re thinking about solar programs today .
ladies and gentlemen , we live on a planet that is filled with more energy than we consume a year .
16 thirds of energy are all encoded in telling us to the earth &apos;s surface .
it &apos;s not about brevity , the problem is free .
and there &apos;s good news .
this year , for the first time , it was done for 50 percent of the gdp in india -- seemingly rupees in comparison to the age of 17 rupees .
the cost of solar energy dropped over 50 percent .
and the last month , this has published a study that shows that until the end of this decade in the sunny areas of the united states , the u.s. solar season , in the meantime , is going to cost 15 cents a national average .
and if we have a macro level , we &apos;ll have water abundance , we &apos;ll have water abundance .
let &apos;s talk about oil spills .
remember , as carl sagan &apos;s october , when it was south saturn , was turned back into the earth &apos;s atmosphere ?
he took a famous photograph . what was it called ?
&quot; a liberal blue . &quot;
because we &apos;re living on a lifetime of life .
we live on a planet that is covered in 70 percent .
yes , it &apos;s cheaper percent seawater , two percent are obese , and we &apos;re fighting about 5,000 percent of the water on the planet , but there &apos;s hope .
and there &apos;s new technologies , not in 10 or 20 years , but now .
it &apos;s new sources of data on the way , ok .
and from a conversation with dean ornish , one of the innovators to do it , i want to share with you something -- he gave me the permission -- he gave me the permission -- his favorite character , the &quot; unclear &quot; , and many of you may have heard .
it can produce a thousand gallons of clean water a day from different sources -- whether saltwater &apos;s , supernatural water -- latrine -- and all that for less than two cents a liter .
the president of coca-cola has just been able to start a large amount of research in the developing world .
and if everything is done , and i &apos;m very confident , we &apos;ll apply coca-cola that technology in the world &apos;s entire world .
this is an historic innovation that there are today .
and we &apos;ve seen this with mobile phones .
you know , i &apos;m going to get the 80s to get the 70 percent of mobile phones in the developing world , to the end of 2013 .
just remember that a woman &apos;s salary with a cell phone in the middle of kenya has a better place than president reagan in the middle of 25 years .
and if you look for your smartphone on google , you have more access to knowing and information as president clinton 15 years ago .
they live in a world that has information and communication , and communication has never been able to predict .
and it &apos;s even better , the things that you and i spend several thousand dollars -- gps , coastal space , libraries of books and music , which are , literally , have been full of books and energy , technology , technology to medical imaging -- now literally , literally , cheaper in your cell phone .
and the best thing is , it &apos;s probably what we expect in health .
i had the pleasure of the pleasure in the last month , which is what we call &quot; $ 1 million epic x prize . &quot;
we demand teams in the world to connect all these technologies together in a cell phone , so that you can talk to the device , because it &apos;s associated with ai , you can have parkinson &apos;s disease , or test your brain .
and to win , the device has to be better than a team of physicians than a team of physicians .
imagine this device . in the middle of a developing country where there are no doctors , but 25 percent of the population &apos;s income and 1.3 percent of the staff of health care .
if this device sequenced a little bit or a tumor sequence that &apos;s not known , it &apos;s going to be the health , and it &apos;s going to stop a pandemic .
but now the biggest force that we &apos;re going to do is take a world of abundance .
i call them &quot; the next billion . &quot;
the white lines are for population .
we &apos;ve just crossed the road .
and by the way , the biggest oil industry in the population has a better education and diet in the whole world .
we had been connected to two billion people online , in 2010 , to be connected .
by 2020 , we &apos;ll go sub-saharan africa by two billion internet internet users .
three billion new minds of which we &apos;ve never heard before , will be going to be the global communication .
what do these people need ?
what are you going to consume ? what are you going to want ?
and instead of economic gridlock i see one of the largest economic history of history .
these people represent several trillions of dollars that are going to flow into the global economy .
and they &apos;re going to be healthier by using the use of the welfare of the market , and they &apos;re getting better trained in the classroom , and so they &apos;re going to have the opportunity to use 3d printer and be so much more productive than ever before .
so what can three billion growing , healthy , educated , productive members of the lead lead to us ?
how would it be with a sentence new , never before .
how would it be to be the oppressed , wherever you are , to give a voice to yourself and make change , for the first time ?
what are these three billion people bringing ?
how about the fact that we can &apos;t even predict ?
one of the things that i &apos;ve learned from the x prize is that small teams that are passionate about passion and focus are really extraordinary things that are made by passion and governments only in the past .
i want to conclude with a story that really excites me .
there &apos;s a program that may have a few known .
it &apos;s a game called foldit .
it was developed at the university of washington in seattle .
and it &apos;s a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids , to explore how the protein is going to develop .
so , the way to predict its behavior is we can predict the structure and function .
and this is very important in the classroom .
so , there was a problem for supercomputers .
and this game was played by university of university and so .
and there are hundreds of thousands of people that play the game online .
and it showed that today the human pattern pattern pattern gets better than the proteins and the best supercomputers .
and when these people came and looked at who &apos;s the best world &apos;s best business , it wasn &apos;t a rocket scientist , too , not a harvard scientist , manchester , a woman who was a assistant at the day who was the best world who worked on a war on the best world .
ladies and gentlemen , what such a trust in our future is that we have more power than individuals today to ask us to put us the big challenges of our planet .
we have access to tools with exponential technology .
we have the passion of a conversation .
we have the capital of the capital of the market .
and we have three billion new minds that we can work on online to have the new challenges to do and to do that , what is necessary .
we expect some extraordinary decades .
thank you .
i believe we need to be able to do something against a brand new culture .
and i think it &apos;s beginning to start with a medical clinic , and i &apos;m like that .
and maybe i &apos;m in business for long enough as i can allow myself to give me a piece of my own fake style to allow them to do this .
but before i come to the actual theme of my talk , let &apos;s start with a little baseball issue .
hey , why not ?
we &apos;re in the middle of the road and we &apos;re moving to the world cup .
we all love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of great statistics .
and there are hundreds of them .
&quot; secondly , &quot; seems to be soon , and it &apos;s about statistics and to make these things a great baseball team .
i &apos;m going to be able to share with you the statistics i hope most of you have heard .
it &apos;s the main component of the internet .
we talk about a 300 when a bat beat 300 .
that means that the player is going to get three of them .
that means that the ball is going to put into the fin &apos;s phone , he &apos;s going to be not going to be caught , and who &apos;s trying to throw the ball at first base , didn &apos;t it and the winner was safety .
three of them .
you know how to call a book in major league baseball ?
well , really good , maybe a little bit of a car .
do you know how to call a beer bomb ?
this is somebody &apos;s going to be safe at the rest of the day .
it &apos;s been like ted williams -- the last major league of baseball players who met during a season during a season .
let &apos;s shift back to my world of medicine in which i feel much more comfortable or more comfortable with a lot of times , and i &apos;m talking about it .
so suppose you have a ph.d. and you &apos;ll add to a prescription , which is a long-term 10,000 in terms of a lot of your own than a lot of your own income .
it &apos;s not working , it doesn &apos;t work ?
imagine they &apos;re in a certain remote area , and they have a beloved people with clogged culture and their adult life fleet of an attendant that &apos;s born at risk of 200 .
but , you know what ?
it &apos;s a lot better . it &apos;s on the central branch .
and she &apos;s beating a lot .
it &apos;s not working .
but i &apos;ll ask you a question .
what do you think you can do for a quarter of a car or a nurse or a writer , a card agent , a maker of the dignity ?
1,000 , very good .
the truth is that nobody in all of the medicine knows what a good surgeon or doctor or physician should be able to be .
but what we do is we &apos;re going to be put out of them , including being put out in the world with the claim that we &apos;re going to be able to be put out in the world with the claim .
never make a mistake , no one does it , but the details of the details are to be able to do this .
and that &apos;s the news i took in medical medical school .
i was a optimistic advocate of graduate school .
in high school , a lot of school experiences said that brian could learn a blood test for a blood test .
and so it was .
and i learned in my little kitchen school in the nurses , the general hospital , the general hospital , the u.s. .
i learned everything .
in my book , i learned the origins and the tail every branch , every branch of a artery , which is a full artery , which is a full artery , ominous and ordinary dentist .
i even knew the u.s. eradication systems to classify numerous amounts of conflict .
and all the time i &apos;ve got more and more knowledge .
and i was good , i was hanging on with a horse specialist .
and i left medical school with the idea that i knew if i knew everything , and at least as much as possible as possible , as possible as possible as possible as possible .
and it worked for a time to get my wife printer .
i spent a hospital at a hospital in toronto , and i was bringing a woman to me in the hospital for the hospital .
at that point , i was home to the most famous game of the vietnamese service .
and it was my assignment to study as the most famous article of advice to the expense of the world .
there &apos;s a lot of feedback to my favorite point .
i &apos;m a freshman woman , and she was in his bedroom .
and when i teach her to teach her sounds .
and when i was able to get her chest on the plane , i could hear a little bit of sound on both sides , which told me that they had cancer heart heart failure .
this is a condition that fails to the heart , instead of pump all the blood , there &apos;s a very red red red red red red in the lung , and so forth , so the main thing was that the main thing was going to be the case .
and that was not hard to diagnose too .
i put it , and i made the treatment .
i was just giving her , i gave her medicine to the pressure of the heart .
i gave her medicine to the same , which we call the so-called water pills , so that they &apos;re flying the liquid .
and over a year and a half , they started feeling better .
i felt really good .
and i made my first mistake ; i sent them home .
i actually made two mistakes .
i sent them home without talking to my favorite office .
i didn &apos;t take up on the stand , and i would have what i would have been a call to my school plan to give him a chance to make it a single picture .
and he knew that he would have been able to put extra information into their own .
maybe i did a good reason for it .
maybe i didn &apos;t want to be the doctor &apos;s doctor .
maybe i wanted to make a lot of responsibility and so capable of taking care of my patients that i was like , and i would be able to get to my patients without even having to contact him with him .
my second mistake was worse .
so i sent them home , i &apos;m going to give a quiet voice to me , which i tried to say , &quot; goldman , not a good idea . &quot;
in fact , i was really missing that i asked the nurse who was taking care of woman printers , &quot; believe it &apos;s okay when you go home ? &quot;
and the nurse thought about it , and he said in a fashion fashion , &quot; yeah , i think it &apos;ll go good . &quot;
i remember it was yesterday .
so i went to tease out the comics and the ambulance and the heads came back and they took them home .
and i went back to work .
the rest day , i had this nagging feeling of feeling in my stomach .
but i continued to work .
and at the end of the day , i would send my things to the hospital , which was the hospital and went to home to go home with the car when i was doing something that i didn &apos;t do .
i went home with the main day of my path .
and there &apos;s another nurse saying , not the sister who had seen the wife , but the other three words are fear , and these three words fear most of the most popular people i know .
other medical doctors are afraid that , but really , in terms of care , we &apos;re very fleeting , and we &apos;re just very eager to see the patients just as fleeting .
the three words loud : remember ?
&quot; remember , you would send it to the patient that you were sent home ? &quot;
asked the nurse question .
&quot; so she &apos;s back , &quot; she said , &quot; she &apos;s in this particular way .
so she was back .
she was back and die .
and about an hour after that , after i sent it home , they went down , they fell and the family called forer off . the prison camp was taken back to the metal camp with a blood pressure , which is a dangerous amount of energy .
and they breathe barely and they were blue .
the most primitive step is all going .
they gave her a lot of their credit .
they concluded it on the door .
i was shocked and down to the inner world .
and i put this rollercoaster , because she was going to get the chief chief in intensive care , and i hoped it would be recover .
and after two , three days , it was clear that she would never be again .
she didn &apos;t ever have any oral property whatsoever .
their family has gathered together .
and over the course of the next eight or nine days , they did the same level of smallpox .
the day you go to the day , you &apos;ll go to the wife , a woman , a mother , grandmother .
you say , you know , you &apos;re never going to forget the names of that .
and that was the first time i learned this .
the next couple of weeks , i was asking myself , and i found myself the unhealthy shame that exists in our medical culture -- i felt myself alone , not the kind of healthy shame that you feel because you can &apos;t talk to the colleagues about it .
you all know the healthy shame , if you give a secret to the best friend , although that &apos;s a little bit of a knee , and then you get the best friend you &apos;ve ever met , and you &apos;ll have the best friend you &apos;ve never met with that kind of mistake .
if you do a lot of people , and you never do the mistakes .
that &apos;s the kind of poetic shame .
the junk kind of i &apos;m talking about is the junk kind of doing a beating in .
it &apos;s the one who says that that doesn &apos;t do what you &apos;re doing is bad , but it &apos;s bad .
and that was what i felt .
and it wasn &apos;t the reason my ph.d. was , he was very gentle .
he talked to the family , and i &apos;m sure that he &apos;s going to be able to increase the differences and safely asked that i would not be sued .
but i asked myself to ask these questions .
why didn &apos;t i ask the apple store ? why would i send them home ?
and then in my worst moments , how could i make such a dumb mistake ?
why did i have to go into medicine ?
slowly , but i put it in .
i started feeling better .
and then on a day , there was a hole in the clouds and the sun broke down , and i may have been able to feel better again .
and i was like , if i had my efforts to write the perfection , never once again , had a mistake that could be able to make it happen .
and she did .
and i continued to work .
and then it happened again .
two years later , i had service in the prison department in a department department of toronto , and i rescued a 25 year-old man with prostate cancer pills .
it was a lot of it , and i &apos;m in a hurry .
he &apos;s always showing up here .
i looked at the ice &apos;s estate , and it was a little bit pink .
and i had a prescription for penicillin and i sent him off .
and even when he went out of the door , he showed his shoulder .
two days later , i came to my next day , and my friends asked me to put myself on a conversation in her office .
and she said the three words : remember , you ?
&quot; do you remember the patient with the federal menu ? &quot;
it turns out he &apos;s a beer .
he had an potentially heavily damaged disease called fraud .
you can google the &quot; but it &apos;s not an infection for the top of the day , but it &apos;s causing the decline of the decline .
and fortunately , he died .
he got sergeant ice cream and a few days later .
and i went back through the same layer of shame and composer , felt made of me and went back to work again and again and again and again .
in a computer i &apos;ve got two times a little bit of a unfinished disk .
there &apos;s a lot of it , especially if you think that you &apos;re working in a hospital that &apos;s only 14 patients a night .
in both cases , i sent them home , and they certainly didn &apos;t have any equipment in their treatment .
and at one point i thought he had a lot of time .
i &apos;m going to throw the kidney &apos;s apple . when that was a clue , my colleague , at the bottom of the patient , was stuck with the patient &apos;s lower right sector , and called the surgeons .
the other one was really diarrhea .
i &apos;d been able to send him to the doctor &apos;s office and asked my colleagues to actually evaluate him .
and that &apos;s what he did , and he was in the right sector , and he called the surgeons .
in both cases , it was going to be fine .
both of these cases of me , i kept on .
and i would be happy to tell you that my worst mistake was only in the first five years that i would argue , but a lot of my colleagues are sort of a lot of nonsense .
some of my discoveries happened in the last five years .
alone , nothing and without support .
here &apos;s the problem : if i don &apos;t finish my mistakes and talk about it , if i can &apos;t tell the silent voice that &apos;s really not going to come up , how can i share it with my colleagues ?
how do i teach them my mistakes so they don &apos;t make the same mistakes ?
if i was in a room -- like now , i have no idea what you &apos;re thinking about .
when did you talk about the last time you &apos;ve heard about the ted debate about nato programs ?
oh yeah , they go to a cocktail party , and there &apos;s a chance to hear about any other doctor , but you &apos;re not going to hear somebody talk about your own mistakes .
if i was in a room full of colleagues and asked them to tell them what i just told you , i would not find the end of the second story before it really awkward , i would not be able to do the end of the second story , you would be able to change the issue and forget the rest .
and indeed , if i had to be , or if i knew my colleagues that had lost the wrong leg in my hospital , you believe me , i would have a look at the eyes of the eyes .
that &apos;s the system that we live in .
it &apos;s a completely denial of mistakes .
it &apos;s a system where there are two fundamental positions -- those who do mistakes and those who do not make . those who are living under themselves , the ones that are comfortable with it , and the bad results , the bad results , and the bad results .
it &apos;s almost an ideological response to how antibodies that attack people .
and there &apos;s the idea that if we actually make those who make mistakes from the medicine , we know that there &apos;s a safe system .
but there are two problems in this .
in my 20s about 20 years of medical science and journalism , i &apos;ve been making a personal medical study about medical mistakes and wrong treatments so that all of my first article i had to do for the toronto , &quot; white grade , &quot; in fact .
and what i learned is that mistakes are absolutely essential .
we work in a system that &apos;s going to happen every day in the day , which is either a novel or a false problem , in the die rate and devastation or devastation or worse .
in this state , about 24,000 canadian people , they die of mistakes .
in the united states , the institute of medicine has put the number in 100,000 .
both of these are strong animals , because we &apos;re not looking at the problem as we should .
and it &apos;s the main population .
in a middle of the world , in the medical knowledge , all of the two to three years , we can &apos;t keep up .
sleep is ubiquitous .
we can &apos;t get rid of it .
we have a cognitive error , so we can take a perfect diagnostic booth for a patient with chest pain .
then i take the same patient with mit , and i &apos;ll make it a little bit of a lightweight breath and then make it a slightly more painful breath , and suddenly the story fit with contempt of contempt .
i don &apos;t take the same thing .
i &apos;m not a robot ; i don &apos;t always do things right .
and my patients are not cars ; they &apos;re not always telling me their symptoms are not always in the same way .
and all that is quite evident is inevitably .
so if you take the system as i was taught it , and all the time it &apos;s been made , and all the time it &apos;s not going to be a anymore .
and you know the most popular people want to talk about their worst cases ?
in my show , &quot; white grade , &quot; i &apos;ve got a guess &quot; i &apos;ve been a habit of saying &quot; this is my worst mistake , &quot; i would say , &quot; this is my worst mistake , &quot; blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah .
and then , you know , your pupils , they &apos;re pushed up , they &apos;re going to go down and swallow it , and they &apos;ll get to tell their stories .
they want to tell their stories . they want their stories .
they want to be able to say , &quot; look , don &apos;t make the same mistakes that i &apos;m talking about . &quot;
what you need is a environment that you &apos;re able to do .
what you need is a new medical culture .
and it starts with a doctor .
the new river is a human being , you know , is a human being , you know , not proud of it , but it &apos;s going to be a bit of a good thing to learn from them so that it can be passed on .
they share their experiences with others .
they &apos;re supportive of some of their mistakes .
and she shows other people who are not in order to be a bit of a trivial , but in a loving , supportive way that everybody &apos;s benefits .
and it &apos;s working in a medical culture that recognizes that people fill the system with life , and if that &apos;s what it is , people make mistakes from time .
so that the system has developed the way that the system has developed to try and find mistakes that are inevitable , and also to create supportive spaces that can actually be able to make things that are aware of the potential , even things that are rewarded for people who are able to make mistakes and for the foreign rights .
my name is brian labs .
i &apos;m the new doctor &apos;s supposed to be the doctor .
i &apos;m a man . i make mistakes .
i &apos;m going to act on the end , but i &apos;m best trying to learn it to pass it into other .
i don &apos;t know what you &apos;re holding on me , but i can live with it .
let me close with three of my own words : i remember .
i &apos;m going to talk about a little , little idea .
it &apos;s about the main threshold of creativity .
and because you can explain that in a minute , i &apos;ll tell you three stories about the time i &apos;m going to use the time .
the first story is charles darwin , one of my heroes .
you know , he was in pit bees .
you may think he blew the door , but that &apos;s not true .
they actually collected fish .
he described one of them as a very usual way .
it was a newspaper accident .
to the &apos; 80s , it was in a big style .
now , it &apos;s on the red list of the endangered species .
this story , we &apos;ve heard many times from the galapagos or in other places , it &apos;s not very special .
but still still , we still come in the galapagos .
we still think they &apos;re very originally .
the standard of vampire failure is still describe as pristine .
what &apos;s happening here ?
second story is a different concept , which is the most powerful design , dedicated to mind .
because i &apos;ve experienced it when i was in 1971 in 1971 .
i went to the point , because i grew up in europe and was going to work in africa later .
i thought i could integrate myself .
and i got a terrible wedding financed , and i was convinced that i wasn &apos;t really there .
it was my first offshore surgery .
as you can see , the lagoon of palms and the kinds of mangroves .
there were about 20 inches of about 20 inches , a subset of the root companies .
the fisheries of these ocean services were very productive and the fishermen lived well and made it great in ghana about average .
when i returned there was 27 years later , the fish was blown up to half its size .
adults measure five inches .
they were genetically modified .
they were still fish .
people were still happy .
and the fish were also lucky to be there .
so it has nothing changed , and yet it changed everything .
my third little story tells me about my favorite university of the introduction of southeast asia .
in the &apos; 70s , it &apos;s a very early dawn of the &apos; 60s -- south europe , many of the world &apos;s war .
but the reason it was the countries that started in 100,000 fish , the industrial fishing , that &apos;s pretty ugly ship &apos;s heart is called 4 .
i was driving on the back of the south ocean , and we were in the south pacific and especially in the world .
we had no words for what we started there .
i know it was the bottom of the sea .
ninety percent of our family &apos;s homes were sponges , other animals , who are connected to the bottom .
the biggest part of the fish , the small dots there , the little dots , were more ambiguous .
essentially , the bottom of the sea was coming back , and then back .
these images are extraordinary , because the transition is going to go very quickly .
in one year , you &apos;ll get a survey by the very high fishing .
the reason it &apos;s going to change . it &apos;s in this case -- a tough reason or soft coral will get rid of crap .
that &apos;s a dead turtle .
they didn &apos;t eat them , they threw them away because they were dead .
and once we started a living alive .
she wasn &apos;t drowning .
then they wanted to kill them , because they could eat them all their way .
in fact , this mountain of hominids will accumulated every time of fishermen , when they go to areas where they never got in a fish .
it &apos;s not going to document .
we change the world , but we don &apos;t remember it .
we &apos;re looking at our main level of the new level , and we don &apos;t call ourselves a reminder of what was there .
if you &apos;re going to run it , this is what happens .
on the y-axis , a few good things : biodiversity , number of the world &apos;s biggest , green , the green of your country , the main highway .
it &apos;s a time that it &apos;s changing , it &apos;s changing because for people , they &apos;re all doing their actions .
every generation of the images , they look at the beginning of their conscious life , as an standard , and will all derive it .
the difference is that as a loss .
but they don &apos;t take the previous losses .
it can give you a sequence of changes .
and at the end of the end , they just want to get the biggest bottle remains .
that &apos;s what we have now , and has a major goal .
we want to get things that are gone , or things that are not more like that , they were like they were .
you might think that the problem was being involved in the most that they were being killed in most of the places , and they were killing animals and they had it just to know a few generations of what they did .
because obviously , an animal that has very often been , only once it did it , has probably rare before it &apos;s been completed .
so you don &apos;t lose any natural animals .
you have always a rare animal .
and that &apos;s why it &apos;s not going to be a huge loss .
at the time , we &apos;re focusing on the big animals and in the ocean , the big fish .
they &apos;re less likely to get them .
at the time , there &apos;s little fish left , and we think that &apos;s the main thing .
the question is why people accept this .
well , because you don &apos;t know it &apos;s different .
of course , many people , scientists , confirm , is that it was really different .
they will confirm it because the evidence , as they put in a earlier shape , are not as much as they would like to argue the evidence .
so , for example , there &apos;s the anecdote that the report of a computer existed that could not be used in this area , or by preventing it from normally , not because of the scientific .
so we have the situation that people don &apos;t know the past , although we live in educated societies , because we don &apos;t trust the sources of the past .
this shows the enormously large role of the world that we can play with .
because in reserves , we &apos;re essentially setting up the past .
we put the past over the past that people can &apos;t understand because the growth has changed and very low .
so the people who see the marine reserve and the benefit of the view that allows you to reset your own terms .
what is the people that aren &apos;t possible because they have no access -- the people in the midwest , for example ?
here , i think the art and the movie may fill the gap , and simulation .
this is the simulation of chesapeake bay .
there was been a long time ago there -- 500 years ago .
and the baby &apos;s military and remember , you may be &quot; avatar . &quot;
if you think of &quot; avatar &quot; as you think of why people are touching this sort of touch -- except by the way people get touch this way -- they were so touching with the main amount of money ?
because it &apos;s something that has been lost in some way .
so my recommendation for the only one i &apos;ll give is , is to assume that he &apos;s &quot; avatar ii . &quot;
thank you .
in the &apos; 80s , in the communist phase , you had to have to have a typewriter , which is in the government sense .
they also had to register a sheet with feathers from this typewriter .
the reason for that is the government could trace on where a text came from .
they found a paper with a motorcycle called emergency services , which they could find the creator of these thoughts .
and we couldn &apos;t understand how anyone could do this , and how much that would be held to be able to cover it , and how much that would be held to the freedom of speech .
in our own countries , we would never do something like that .
but if you &apos;re going to buy a new climate crisis in 2011 , and you can print one page of the leading yellow line , in a pattern that has light , the light lines , on every page , in a pattern that allows the page to see it and your printer does it .
this is what &apos;s happening today .
and it doesn &apos;t seem to be a lot of them .
and that was an example , in which our own governments are using the technology to us , the citizens .
and that is one of the three sources of major sources of existing existing systems today .
let &apos;s see what really happens in the world : we can split attacks into categories .
we have three main pairs of sleep .
there &apos;s a lot of diamonds .
for example , this is mr. accumulates of plastic in ukraine .
and the motives of childhood are very easy to understand .
these people make money .
they use software to make a lot of money , a huge bunch of money .
there are several well-known cases of cleaning up the money of the money , which has made their money through attacks .
this is slowed from south america from estonia .
this is alfred m. ruins .
stephen watt .
doug &apos;s day .
this is matthew anderson , and occasionally waiting and so on .
these people are coming up to wealth , but they &apos;ve managed to acquired it illegal by using computer bank , to make money from our bank bank , and also the same amount of research that our main landscape had been using over the keyboard , and we put a computer online .
u.s. intelligence agency was a swiss owned by mr. sam jain , and that bank account was $ 20s and on this bank , and that bank account was $ jamaica millions of dollars than being frozen .
mr. jain itself is on free feet , which is called &quot; tomorrow is unknown .
and i &apos;m suggesting that it &apos;s more likely to be more likely to be a typewriter than a vaccine in the real world .
and it &apos;s very obvious that this is just getting worse .
in the future , most of the crime online , there are most crime .
the second largest genome producer that we can observe today is not motivated by money .
they &apos;re motivated by something else -- the protests , it &apos;s a opinion , or through their audience .
groups like anonymous are moving over the last 12 months , and they &apos;re going to have a standard of death in the field of aviation .
so these are the three main stages : criminals that do it for money , doesn &apos;t make it a fundamental amount of rules , but the last group are nations , governments that lead to attacks .
there &apos;s cases of the way that the hell of the football .
it shows a great model of what happens when governments are going to pay their own citizens .
it &apos;s a ph.d. from the netherlands -- or , or was it .
in the last fall , it had to be written by a marker , because he had been hacked .
somebody was hacked , and he had a problem deeply hack .
and last week in a meeting with dutch , i asked one of the senior people to question if he had died for possible , whether he died because of the most empowered people died .
and his answer was &quot; yes . &quot;
now , how do people die in terms of these hacks ?
it &apos;s a total game generator .
they sell them .
what do you do with your romance ?
well , a certificate , if you have a website with a service service , with service services , for example , for instance .
now , we all use , or many of us , gmail , gmail , is contributing to their competitors , but they know that they can use a lot of trust than local players , because they know that they can &apos;t trust their local leaders as a local players , so they know that the local government cannot be encoded in their conversation .
but if you can get yourself into a foreign foreign service .
we &apos;re hacking in and fake happiness with it .
and that &apos;s exactly what happens in the case of happening .
what &apos;s it about the arab spring and things that are happening in egypt for instance ?
well , in egypt , the communist savanna 2011 , the headquarters in april of the egyptian releases air , and they found a lot of records .
in the files , the book was called &quot; fingertips . &quot;
and in that jar , you were in germany a local company who sold the egyptian government , who had sold a few programs that they could have -- in very large frame -- all communication of egyptian citizens could gather .
they had to sell this program for 125 euros to the egyptian government .
the world &apos;s brain is right here .
so western governments are recruited to reclaim governments that can use to be able to use their own citizens .
but western governments also help themselves .
for instance , in germany , a few weeks ago , a bunch of the things called the prostate cancer system , this was a trojans , by german soldier to make their own citizens .
if you &apos;re going to be able to get in a museum of a hunger pool , you &apos;ll be very sure your phone mining .
but today , we are far beyond that .
they tap their internet internet bonds .
they use resources like the air industry to give them a shadow on a shadow that allows them to monitor their entire communication , their ability to monitor their webpage .
so if we think about things like this , the obvious answer of people would be : &quot; ok , that sounds bad , but it &apos;s not because i &apos;m a good citizen .
i don &apos;t have to worry .
i don &apos;t hide . &quot;
and it doesn &apos;t make sense .
privacy has to be given .
privacy is not the debate .
it &apos;s not a decision between privacy and safety .
it &apos;s a choice between freedom and control .
and as we today , in 2011 , our governments like to trust our governments , but we &apos;re not going to be able to make it for them .
and trust we &apos;re blind to each other &apos;s government , a government that we may have in 50 years ?
these are the questions that we have to deal with the next 50 years .
it may appear strange , but i &apos;m a big fan of the media .
so the first offshore olympics were made , and gives a simple idea : modules from cement that fit together with cement with given given input .
they were very quickly the most primitive of the world .
they put us in the situation that was larger than us , buildings , bridges , a rock after the other .
basically the average record was turned on for a building block of our time .
almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , lego came out with legos .
it was called &quot; automatically cures rock &quot; and .
and within a few years , lego , lego in every household .
it &apos;s estimated that over 400 billion rocks were produced -- or 75 rocks for each person on this planet .
they don &apos;t have to be engineer , beautiful buildings , beautiful bridges , beautiful buildings , beautiful buildings .
lego made it possible for everybody to do it .
lego basically has the capacity to put the ice block in the world building the building building the building .
in the same year , the same year in bell , bell labs , the next revolution , we announced the next building .
the transistor was a little bit of a robotic database that would be static from a static world to a world that would be interactively building by everything .
as the result of the world , we allow us to build a much larger , more complex cycles , one stone after another .
but there &apos;s a question of speech : the transistor was only for experts .
i personally accept that the building block of our time is reserved for experts , and so i decided to change this .
eight years ago , i was at the media lab , and i started to explore this idea of how to do the power of artists in artists and designers .
a few years ago , i started developing art .
let me show you how they work .
so , you &apos;re building electronic collar devices that have a specific function .
they &apos;re more appreciative , light , sound , engine and sensor .
and the best thing is that they connect with magnets together .
they can &apos;t put them around the way they put them around .
the stones are banned .
green is a copy , blue is green , pink is input and orange is cords .
so all you have to do is connect one blue and one green one , and you can build a very quickly larger scale .
you put one blue on one green , and you can make light .
you can make a switch in between , and so you &apos;ve created a little bit of plastic .
take the switch out of the wall , you know , this is the middle line , and you &apos;ve made a little bit of a piano towel .
put them on this kind of extra effect , and they made a rubber pile .
i &apos;m going to stop that .
over the simple play , it &apos;s actually quite powerful .
instead of programming , you can code or create your tax code , you can allow yourself to code with simple , intuitive gestures .
so to accelerate these flashing or slow down , you just turn it on that button and it makes it slow faster , and it makes the momentum faster or slower .
the idea behind the line is that it &apos;s a growing library .
we want to put every single part of the world in a single rock .
lights , sound , coral , motors , motors -- everything should be available .
we &apos;ve spread out of children &apos;s data , and they &apos;re seeing them play .
and it was an incredible experience .
the beautiful is , how do you start to understand the electronics that surrounds them in the everyday , and they don &apos;t learn in school .
like a car crash , or why the doors of the world &apos;s climate change , or the way the doors of the world react , or how an ipod would be able to touch the ipod .
we also have a lot of time to be able to do it .
so we had a designer , for example , with no experience in electronic things that started to play with the same time as a material .
here we see , with a metal sensor , paper and water bottles , like xerox ...
a few weeks ago , we had risd put together a few designers , and they gave them some designers that had no technical experience -- just cardboard , wood and paper -- and they said , &quot; what &apos;s going on . &quot;
here &apos;s an example of a project that they did , a lot of time .
but wait for this , i &apos;m really my favorite school .
it &apos;s a hummer , which fear in the darkness .
for those of us who became a different material , electronics became a little bit of another material .
and we want to make this material available for all of us .
so , it &apos;s open source .
you can go on the website , all of your sudden download download and make them make yourself .
we want to encourage the world of creators , the inventor , the contributors , in the world , in the world , we &apos;re in the same electronic world , belongs to us .
so , pull out , go out and start inventing it .
thank you .
