i showed you two pictures surprising , that the polar ice specialist , the ice ice knight , which many of the last three million years has added area of great , from 40 percent , by 40 percent .
but this is not telling the hard , how serious is the problem , because of the visual ice , there is no idea of ice ice .
the ice metal coating is a kind of boost the heart of global ideological system .
you &apos;re in the winter , in summer , they get smaller .
so the next slide i &apos;m going to show you is this actual record of what has happened over the last 25 years .
the lasting ice is hidden in red .
you see it &apos;s moving into dark blue . that &apos;s seasonal ice in winter , and that &apos;s the summer of amsterdam .
this is what this lasting ice , in a five-minute five years , and you see nearly blood , crossing from body .
over the 25 years , he got out of this -- here .
that &apos;s a problem because the warming is going on land oil to sierra ice , in which an enormous amount of carbon of carbon , which is when the wound is caused by methane .
it &apos;s a critical amount of greenhouse gasses per atmosphere , so this can double if we &apos;re not limited .
today , there already mattered lakes in alaska in alaska today .
an worst held holy bush from shanghai university , last went to the next team in the winter of winter lake .
wow !
it &apos;s okay . the question is , we &apos;ll aged if we are .
the reason for being really really is that the giant passive warmer now makes it its drought back .
this is seasonal river snow .
it takes a bigger amount of snow every year .
this is the river of third-world greenland on ground .
if you want to know how , high-power oil levels of ice to melt of the river is going to collapse to the sea .
these flows very quickly .
and on the other side we have antarctica the largest mass of ice on earth .
last month , high-power entire continent , high-power the big ice balance of third-world ice and compressed .
and western antarctica , a broken liquid of the u.k. islands , especially rapidly .
it takes six feet across sea level , as in the greenland greenland .
in the blink , the third largest meat , you see in the upper lake , which was in the upper area of glacier .
40 percent of the world &apos;s population keeps clean drinking their teeth .
the glacier in the andes is a source of clean water for this city .
a signature of third-world activities .
but until they disappear , it disappears all sorts of drinking water .
it &apos;s happened to 40 percent of the snow &apos;s snow snow snow snow the countryside in sierra ukraine .
it has a big impact in the dam .
and predictions , as you &apos;ve seen , is not range .
so this drought leads to a dramatic increase in fires .
and the natural catastrophe in the world makes absolutely comforting and differences .
four years later before overreact was over the previous 75 .
that &apos;s an absolutely unsustainable pattern .
if you look at this in an history in an history that &apos;s causing it .
we &apos;re adding fanciful millions of tons of carbon dioxide every 24 hours every 24 hours ; 25 million tons a day to the oceans .
look at the east pacific , and from both america to west , and both sides of india in the west , where there are unlikely oxygen in the oceans .
you die away from global warming , and with a remote that mattered to the outcome which is 20 percent , it &apos;s burning fossil fuels .
oil is a problem and coal is a serious issue .
the united states is one of two largest culprits , along with china .
and it was supposed to build even more electrical power .
but it seems to be the wind was turning it .
and you see here , the foundation of the last few years , and the emerging green variants ,
however the political battle of itself in our country .
and the oil industry and the oil industry had been 15 billion dollars for marketing , to marketing , &quot; the coal &quot; which is a lot .
just recognize this picture .
around the precipice , for us in tennessee , it occurred to us in nearly four million cubic meters of southern guinea statue .
you probably have seen it in news .
it &apos;s the second largest solar flow in all america .
it &apos;s happened to happen by the book .
and this was one of christmas commercials competing industry .
the carbon species , this is really the most terrifying guy .
amazed evidence in states america helps our cash flow .
so yeah , carbon dioxide , stretched them every day .
it &apos;s such wonderful , almost hypnotic , it brings money to everybody .
this is a huge coal coal in west virginia .
the largest society of coal coal the way it is a trillion times .
don draper : don norman you : let me be in one . al gore , harry gifts , the people don &apos;t know what they talk about .
and so the alliance for climate protection too started for two campaigns a campaign .
this is one of them , so part of them .
actor : in our modern we , we see climate change as a very serious civil civil business .
and so our first time is spend a lot of money in an ad campaign that sets up and wonder about coal .
in fact , coal is not dirty .
we think it &apos;s raw ... and it also smells very nice .
so don &apos;t worry about global warming .
let it regard us .
actor : clean coal , you &apos;ve heard a lot about it .
so , to do that scream , the scream in clean coal -- a coal factory .
fantastic ! the machines are quite noisy .
but this is the sound technology of the air of the coal coal .
and since there is one of the main causes of global warming , the extraordinary technology that you see there , everything changes .
watch , this is today the technology of the bright coal coal .
finally , the positive alternative that focuses on economic span of things and benefit to our national security .
narrator : america is in crisis . economies , national security , climate change .
deprive this thing of our fossil dependence as a dirty coal and a foreign oil .
but there &apos;s new and consistent solutions that can get us out of that .
to give america a new , 100 percent clean , electricity supply in 10 years .
it &apos;s a blueprint of how we put america to put us for allowing us and help for global warming .
finally , there is enough solution to tackle our problems .
new energy . it &apos;s found harder .
this is the last demonstration .
narrator : it &apos;s about new energy for america .
one of the closest roads away from an old tattoo vaccine that kills our planet .
the future is . wind , sun , new electrical power .
second man : new investment and new jobs , skills .
narrator : new energy . he &apos;s all time for change .
there &apos;s a old african proverb that says , &quot; you want to go quickly , go away .
if you want to get away , go together . &quot;
we need to go far , and fast .
thank you very much .
i &apos;m a writer .
writing books is my job , but it &apos;s of course much more .
it &apos;s also my lifelong love and smelly .
and i don &apos;t think that sometimes happens .
but nevertheless , recently happened to become something bizarre in my life , and in my career , what makes me to rethink my whole relationship to this work .
now the particular thing is that i recently wrote a book , an quote , called &quot; timelapse , &quot; word , love , dear &quot; and that became a big schism , international reforms .
and the result is that everywhere i come up , people behave in me like i &apos;m supposed to be a diplomat .
seriously -- ha , yay !
they come to me , have you come up , and they say , &quot; you don &apos;t have fear -- you don &apos;t worry , you don &apos;t have anything to do anymore ?
you don &apos;t mean you will have a lifetime of life , and you never will have to write a book that anyone in the world would be quite interested in . &quot;
it &apos;s quite reassuring ; yeah .
but it would be worse if i first got 20 years ago when i first started telling people -- i was a teenager -- i was a teenager , i was a writer , i &apos;d like to be a writer , man .
and people asked me , &quot; you don &apos;t have the fear , you wouldn &apos;t have any success ?
do you know that it &apos;s the humiliation of rejection of rejection ?
do you decide you &apos;ve got this whole life to have this 30-year thing , and it wasn &apos;t going to do so , and that gap of florida from rival dreams from the failure to failure ? &quot;
and so , you know .
the answer -- the short answer to all these questions is , &quot; yes . &quot;
yes , i &apos;m scared of all this .
and i was always scared .
and this is associated with a lot of other things that people don &apos;t even have to do , like you want , and other things that are creepy .
but in terms of writing , so thing i &apos;m thinking about is , why ?
okay , is it rational ?
it &apos;s logical that someone had to worry to do work that feels , it &apos;s the mission to this country .
and what is art of work like , do art work , if they &apos;re kind of afraid about our psychological health , when in other fields they kind of do that ?
for example , my father was a chemical engineer , and i don &apos;t remember who would aged him as his career as i would ask if they were afraid to be a chemistry engineer .
no -- the block block , john , how does it stop ?
just no one else came .
but let &apos;s be frank , marilyn engineer like a group , had aged cardiac month-olds fund .
we writers of her like this reputation we have not only writers and more of the timing , but also more creative people across all of all genres , often said , that they &apos;re worthy of mentally engagement .
just just look at the marked rate of death by only the 20th century , death really has been remarkable , creative people who died young and often own hands .
and even those who most committed most seemed to be really damaging their gift .
lee reared , shortly before he died , he said , &quot; another interview , &quot; every book my book has killed me a little bit more . &quot;
enough of an ordinary statement about art work .
but it &apos;s not too surprising if we &apos;ve heard this kind of like what we &apos;ve heard so many times , and we &apos;ve got them all together and collectively adopted that creativity and suffering are inherently built , and that business will always lead to the misery of ultimately ,
and the question i want to leave you with is , you know , you agree with me ?
do you know you &apos;re going to aged that ? &quot;
because if you look at it just from the poorest option , well -- --
and i just don &apos;t like this idea on me .
i think it &apos;s a chore .
and i think it &apos;s dangerous . and i don &apos;t want it to succeed in the next century .
i think it &apos;s better when we &apos;re going to make our significant personalities to live .
i know i know that in my case , -- in my situation -- it &apos;s very dangerous to me , to me , to be very dangerous to do this dark path , especially if we take that in the middle of my career .
and that &apos;s -- you know , i &apos;m pretty young , i &apos;m only 40 years old .
i still have four decades of work in my work .
and it &apos;s more than possible that whatever i &apos;m i &apos;m going to write , is a future of limitless artist , which was going on for the success of my last book , right ?
i &apos;m going to say this without this thing , because we all have friends of mine -- in my greatest success now , i have probably probably been in .
my god , it &apos;s an idea !
you know , that &apos;s the kind of thinking that person can take to a household cart , high-power person in the morning , and i don &apos;t want to get there .
i &apos;d rather go on the work i love .
and so the question is , how ?
it seems , after a long time , the way i have to work so i could make some of these are some of the other psychological decisions , right ?
and i have to find a way to find the safe distance between each time i write , and my natural progression mattered what i i thought you &apos;d even have to respond to .
and so , when i was on the last year looking for the way that i was looking past the way i could do that , i &apos;ve been working across a lesson , and i tried to find other companies to know the emotional emotional forces of creativity than we can tell people to manipulate the emotional emotional forces .
i could understand i understand i understand the ancient greeks and rome .
hold with me , it &apos;s it .
in ancient greece and rome people didn &apos;t believe that creativity comes from humans .
they believed that creativity is the sacred spirit , the resident who comes to people from some distant and unknown sources , from various ways or unknown reasons .
the greeks of third-world acts of creativity as &quot; demons . &quot;
this example was that he has a knight who mattered to us from far wisely .
so they thought the same thing , but they called the intangible creative spirits . &quot;
and that &apos;s great because they actually didn &apos;t think that genius would be extraordinarily smart .
they believed that genius is a magical , seemingly fragile , home of teaching his studio , and something to the next one , domestic adventures , which is led out and old work for artists .
remarkable -- that &apos;s exactly the thing that &apos;s the exact distance that i &apos;m talking about -- the psychological genius that protect someone from their work .
and they all knew that this was just going on .
so ancient artist was secure before an incredible occasion , like a cybercriminal pilot .
if your job was to succeed , it wasn &apos;t all your teenage republican , everybody knew that you had this , of genius who helped you .
if your work for nothing to do for nothing , it wasn &apos;t a fault .
everybody knew your genius as a little bit of a beer .
and people in the west &apos;ve understood them very long .
and then she came the name , and everything changed , we got a great idea , and the great idea was that we built the human individuals in the center which was given the human representatives , to all the gods and trade , and already run the seat from the rainy ones .
and then , he &apos;s rational rational , and people started to believe that creativity comes just from human spaces .
and for the first time , you could hear , as people have heard about it or a moral artists as an atheist , as an abusive person , as a person who has a genius .
i have to tell you that i think that &apos;s a great mistake .
i think there &apos;s just somebody who has to believe in just one person , and it &apos;s like a drag , like the root and the root and the source of everything is required to be a bit of a dish , human psyche .
it &apos;s like asking someone to get the sun out .
this is just due , and it creates endless colonization in the service of the mare .
and i think this pressure killing kills our artists over the last 500 years .
and if it &apos;s true , and i think that &apos;s true , so what happens ?
can we do that differently ?
maybe back to someone else has a very senior understanding between people and our physical creativity .
maybe not .
maybe we can &apos;t just erase 500 years of the humanism in a $ wealthy message .
and maybe there are people in the crowd who would be representing truly no scientific doubt about existence and taking them projects and encourage them and things of print on the ground and make them different .
i probably won &apos;t be able to convince you .
but the question i want to ask you is -- why isn &apos;t you ?
why not look at that ?
and i mean , it gives about many meaning as anything else i &apos;ve heard before , what i &apos;ve heard so far about the reasoning creative process of creative events .
the process that everybody knows who has tried something -- which is basically everybody in this room -- is always rational in this room -- is always rational .
and sometimes it might sound almost irrelevant .
i recently met met with an extraordinary american recipe , a ruth starter , she &apos;s been detained by the age of the year , but she was having a whole life of her life , and she was told she was going to go around the fields , and she &apos;d tell me that she was out across the landscape .
she said it was like a eyelash removed .
let &apos;s jump across the landscape .
she felt like she was shaking the black version below her feet .
she knew that he had to do one thing , and that was on his point , and that was his words , &quot; to run as a devil . &quot;
and so ran as the devil the devil and the poem mattered , it was meant to get to paper and was getting very quickly excited which would get back through her paper and she could break her on paper .
other times it wasn &apos;t quite fast , and even if supremely and ran over and running and running funding , had been going down through her work , and she was just walking through the landscape , and she was just walking through the landscape , the cultural poet said it , &quot; the next poet . &quot;
and sometimes again -- and i will never forget -- it was the moment where it hasn &apos;t escaped to her early , almost .
and so running home , looking home , and poem through her sting , but she picked a pencil through her cold , but she picked a pencil -- she would like to do her second hand and mash it .
and she loved her poem for tail , and he throws it back back into the page and she blogged for the page .
and in these cases , the poem had got perfect and intact , but freaking the fact , from the last words to the first .
so when i heard it , i thought -- well this is sort of my creative process .
that &apos;s not my whole business process -- i &apos;m not plumbing !
i &apos;m a progressive and the way i have to work , is that going to go every day at the same time and engaging and engaging and work which is used through .
but i even in my pillow , even i myself with , especially though .
and i would say a lot of you too .
even with me , she had gone through a job or an idea of a resource i can &apos;t answer .
what is that ?
and what are we supposed to engage to make the relationship , to be better , to enjoy , not to think ?
for me , there &apos;s an best current example of how to do this , the musician that may not seem to me that i was a few years ago .
we &apos;ve talked about this , it was , for most of my life as an embodiment of modern artist , an engineering law and an act of participating and matched these in a fundamentally creative form that were completely regulated .
but then you get angry , you go , and one day went around on a highway in los angeles , and the time it changed for him .
so how are they taking so they &apos;re taking away , all of those hear a little melody of melody who suddenly came into his head , like inspiration and pops and roll her up , and he wants it to be a fantastic , desire for her food .
he doesn &apos;t have a paper , he doesn &apos;t have a pencil , she doesn &apos;t have to do it .
it starts to feel how his old boy began to come in and i come up on her apartment and then my girlfriend would forever would forever . &quot;
i &apos;m not good enough and i will not do it . &quot;
but instead the crabs just stopped away .
they combine all the current ideas and made something completely new .
he just looked into the sky and said , &quot; don &apos;t you come out , but you don &apos;t see your objection ? &quot;
&quot; i &apos;m looking so choked for a simple song ?
if you really want to exist now doing a more effective time when i do that .
or you go a little bit of somebody else .
you go by leonardo clinton . &quot;
the whole working process after that experience changed .
it &apos;s not the same , it &apos;s still dark as long as long .
but the process itself and hard anxiety comes with him when he comes out of the genius , and they get it back from where he came from , and he realized that he had not had to be so dumb , didn &apos;t have to go .
that might be extraordinary , extraordinary , bizarre collaboration , almost challenging collaboration between tom and that funny , the external thing that wasn &apos;t really that .
when i heard this story , it started to change the way i was working , and i had done it which had been done for me .
the idea has been saved when i was in the middle writing &quot; holy , sweet , love &quot; and kept going to just be one of those disgusting people that we all have when we work on something and it will be terribly successful , you dove around , and it will be wondering that it &apos;ll be the worst book that which has ever written .
not just bad , but the worst book ever .
i started thinking about her to get there .
but then i thought about this , i thought about this , as i was talking about it .
i got his head from manuscript and she started speaking to the most difficult corner of my room .
i said , &quot; listen , you guys know you &apos;re just not knowing that if this book won &apos;t be beautiful , it wasn &apos;t my fault , right ?
because as you see , i give you everything i can do to that .
so if you want it to be better , do you do so -- do art work .
ok , but if you don &apos;t finish , you know what the hell , you know .
i &apos;m going to write forward because that &apos;s my job .
and i &apos;d like of today &apos;s attention to today , that i &apos;ve come to do my work . &quot;
because -- it &apos;s like -- it &apos;s like this -- before the texas african africa , people kept down to the remain porter and music that they took hours and hours to the car .
and it was always huge , because the dancers were professionals and they were unimportant .
but once at once , very rare that something happened , and one of the founders became an unconscious .
and i know you know the thing i &apos;m talking about because i know each of you in life will see a similar performance .
it was like once and the dancer and the dancer as it did a lot of astonishing times , before he did just , a thousand nights before he did , but it all came together .
suddenly it wasn &apos;t just a man .
was enlightened inside , and enlightened oils and the entire push of divinity .
and when that happened , people knew what happened , they had to aged it .
together , they gather together and started screaming &quot; decommissioned , bladder , god , god , god , god , god . &quot;
this is god .
an interesting historical comment -- that that took enough oil , they brought the habit out of the centuries , and they brought the habit out and over centuries , high-power pronunciation , and trinidad infections , who &apos;s still hearing ,
if there was something impossible in spain and she hoped , &quot; alas , nirvana , nirvana , clams , vienna , rome , pray , &quot; whatever this is -- the flash of god .
which is great because we need that .
but the hard part comes to a very hostile place on the inside of a sweat , when wakes and realizes and finds on it , he &apos;s tuesday .
it &apos;s just an aging viagra with a bad moment , and maybe you &apos;ll never get to kind of see this example .
and maybe no one will never be approved by heart , after going to what to do after the rest of my life ?
it &apos;s tough .
it &apos;s one of the most high-performance learning mortgage to a life .
but maybe maybe not to be such as painful , a person especially has never done to believe that the balance of its existence comes from the same .
maybe if human could just believe him , high-power was an impossible source to an extraordinary part of its life to an extraordinary part of its life , to get them forward , put it forward to someone else .
and when we start looking at it this way , it starts to change everything .
this is how i started to think , and i &apos;m not seeing for the last few months , i think , when i work on a book that soon happens , ominous useless which the mad success was .
and what i have to tell just if i &apos;m going to admit it &apos;s not to worry .
don &apos;t abandon third-world .
just do my job .
just making a piece of work , whatever that is .
if your work is hungry , she &apos;s broken .
if your seven-digit consequence , does a genius make a little miracle for one single moment through your efforts , then &quot; schizophonia ! &quot;
and if not , they won &apos;t go .
and &quot; ah ha ! &quot;
and i believe that , i think we ought to learn that .
&quot; ah ! &quot; you just regard for a mouse and good sanitation .
thank you .
thank you .
hello !
last year , i introduced at ted introduced .
and i promised , i &apos;m going to come back to my talk about how this device works .
so i &apos;m here . and for those who weren &apos;t there , the lhc is the greatest scientific experiment that was done -- it &apos;s a circuit 27 .
his job is to create the conditions that were present less than one square seconds after the beginning of universe -- and about 600 million per second .
it &apos;s definitely ambitious .
this is a device under enceladus .
inside the detectors of these modules , these nuclei set large opponents .
i worked on this . it &apos;s a &quot; called atlas -- 44 meters to transportation , and 22 meters in average .
here &apos;s the impressive of steel atlas , so you can see directions .
september 11th , last year we turned around .
and we got this picture which we got from --
this sort of thing in the control room .
it &apos;s a picture of the first couple of particles that went through the entire hadron hadron collider place , until the barrier scales that were broken particles .
in other words , as we just saw the slide , we knew that a device worked and that is a great success .
but i &apos;m not sure that that was kind of challenging excitement than this , which was supposed to see each other who looks at the cover page .
that means we &apos;ve made how cultural and that scientific impact .
and about a week later , we &apos;ve got equipment problems that jumped up with the wires , as you see here -- actually actually made the wires up .
these wires lead , in a whole run , 13,000 mouths running .
you may try to keep trying to keep trying to keep trying to keep trying to keep doing this , &quot; no , no , don &apos;t get them too small . &quot;
but they can , because they are rewarded , so they &apos;re called the superconductor .
so you can overreact to you education -- cooler than it is space between stars , these wires can lead a current current .
on one of the links , between nine thousand magnets , the lhc was growing .
so the wires up a little bit of a sudden , suddenly the 13,000 glass suddenly started with electrical resistance .
this was the result .
it &apos;s even more positive , if you weigh down that produces these magnets that maybe these magnets weigh over 20 tons and it &apos;s nearly 30 inches .
we &apos;ve become about 50 magnets so that .
so we had to remove them , which we did .
we &apos;re a very carefully and correct correct .
everybody &apos;s now gone back to the path underground .
on the end of march , the lhc will be at the end of march .
we &apos;ll turn on it and expect to see that around june , or july will , first of all , will we continue in our search for the building block of space .
and now , of course , that , a little bit about this disorder , again , with the discussing debate is over and over and technology -- it &apos;s easy to disprove .
i think it &apos;s so difficult , the fact that we &apos;re not engaged , is the value which of creating things like the lhc .
the founders the admitted words of name scientists didn &apos;t show him who i &apos;m not supposed to bathe ; his bombsight was non-verbal -- it &apos;s not done by the evolution of human mind , as the assumption is : &quot; nothing is done for the evolution of human mind , that we are not already there .
thank you .
i &apos;d like to talk about some of these things in my book , and i hope that this very very set of things that you &apos;ve heard and try to get back to some of the aspects that you &apos;ve managed to escape .
i want to start what i call &quot; official dogma . &quot;
official dogma what ?
the official dogma all the western company .
this is like this : if we want to maximize our well-being : we will get to restore personal freedom .
the point is that freedom itself is that freedom itself and high-power is good , passive , focused to the human .
and because if we have the freedom , each of us will be able to act on them and we will do things that will do to our greater well-being , and no one would have to make to make us to us .
meaning liberty we can make it that makes it choice .
the more options for choice people have , the more freedom , and the more freedom people , and the more people have more well-being .
and i think we &apos;ve got trouble in trouble with it .
it &apos;s deep in our lives .
so let me give you some examples of what modern progress has been allowed .
this is an example in the neighborhood of the supermarket -- it &apos;s not too big .
let me mention the saucer for navigating and grinding .
it &apos;s available to 175 daycare , if there &apos;s 10 different extra olive oils and 12 dozen tricks , and 12 dozen graders , who you can buy and buy yourself or fall without any of those rigid pressures .
so this is a supermarket playing .
and then you go to the shop and build a second system system -- high-power baseload , cd , and at that one day , with electronics , and with so many different snipers , i doodled a tape with this .
we could only make the four million different systems -- just from what they &apos;re supposed in in this single store .
and one is really a big choice .
and in other areas , for example , in telecoms .
they used to have been when i was a kid when you could order any kind of phone service , if you &apos;re actually being removed from the most vulnerable dog .
you rented a machine . you complain .
one of the effects of that is that you never have a phone .
and those days are gone away .
there &apos;s almost endless different kinds of telephones today , especially if in mobile phones .
so these are mobile phones .
my favorite is the middle one -- an mp3 player , a nose pushing out to his nose and the fingers doing credit .
if you haven &apos;t seen them before you see it , you can see just once you &apos;ll see .
and the result is that people come in to the business and ask , do you not have a phone that can &apos;t do that ?
and you know what the answer is to this question ?
and the answer is , &quot; no . &quot;
there &apos;s no option to buy a cell phone that can &apos;t do too much .
in other domains , life of a much more than buying it , it &apos;s also a lot of print of choice , high-power of choices .
in the healthcare -- in the united states -- no states will have come to the doctor and the doctor tells you what to do .
instead you &apos;ve come to the doctor and the doctor says , &quot; well , we could do and , but b .
&quot; and &quot; is this benefits and such risks of those are the risks .
&quot; b &quot; has this kinds of risks , what you want to do ? &quot;
and you say , &quot; sir doc , what should i choose ? &quot;
and the doctor says , &quot; and &quot; it has these benefits and risks , &quot; it has benefits and risks .
what do you choose ? &quot;
and you ask , &quot; sir doctor , what would you choose if you were in my place ? &quot;
and the doctor says , &quot; but i &apos;m not in your place . &quot;
and what &apos;s a result is what we call &quot; independence patient , &quot; which sounds like a good thing , but actually it &apos;s a good thing , but it &apos;s actually a good thing to make for decision -- in particular , someone who has nothing to know -- in particular , if not an option .
around us , there are many ads on drug manipulation on people like me or you , when you think about it , not make any sense , because we can &apos;t buy them .
so , why are they offering us when we can &apos;t buy them ?
because the waiting to be right tomorrow and we will be rewarded tomorrow and we need to flip them instead of what we already have .
something really fundamental as our identity becomes an object which is trying to show the following picture , &quot; kids look at the same picture , and they pick the right sex . &quot;
identity colors , we have to invent to invent .
and we can come through , &quot; over reinvent &quot; how often we want .
that means that every morning in experience you have to make to to make who you want to be .
in marriage and family , it used to be in time for the general general assumption that he was facing first , and then you get kids to have first .
one is the only freedom you &apos;ve got in who you take , not where you will do , and not yet , what you will do next .
it &apos;s all available now .
i teach the brilliant talented students , and i give them 20 percent less work than i used before i used .
and it &apos;s not because they &apos;re less smart , or they &apos;re less depressed .
it &apos;s because they have prepared , they always ask you , &quot; do i have a question or not ? i &apos;m going to have a problem ?
i &apos;m going to have a bite later ? i mean , first of all , do children , or take care ? &quot;
these are really challenging questions .
and they &apos;ll have to say to them , whether that means you &apos;re not going to know or cooperate for them , or they don &apos;t even get any of my objects out of a good scale .
and so it &apos;s supposed to be , it &apos;s important to ask questions .
work -- as carl carl , we &apos;ve got so fortunate to work for us in every minute , every day , from every single place of the planet -- except a hotel from any of the three nights .
by the way , i found one place , and i tell anyone about it , where wi-fi works .
i &apos;m not allowed you all about him because i want to use him .
what this really means that this incredible freedom of choosing that we have to make , is that we have to make ourselves go and go and again , and again , whether we should work or not work .
we can go to a game as our child playing football , and we have a mobile phone in our own pocket , on the other of our blackberry , diagnosed with a laptop in the laps .
and even if we have shut them down , at every moment when we have our child doing a football thing , also the question , how do we get the phone , i don &apos;t have to get the phone ?
should i be answered for the top son ? should i do a concept of the document ? &quot;
and even if the answer was supposed to be , &quot; no , sure , you &apos;ll all experience young kids of watching child games a different than it could be .
so we &apos;re literally going to look at literally in big or small things , the questions of life , life is an issue choices .
the world in which we used to live was like this .
so there was some decision , but there was definitely an academic choice .
the world in which we live now is like this .
the question is , is that good or bad news .
and the answer is : yes .
we all know what good is going on for me , so i &apos;m going to talk about what &apos;s wrong .
all of this decision-making , they got two consequences to people .
one effect , ironically , is causing paralysis , not liberation .
and so so so so many possibilities for the choices , people , in the end , have a choice to make .
i &apos;ll give you one very dramatic example , from a study that looked to fat in fat earning insurance accessible .
one woman brought up to a typical company company , an enormous investment company with about a million employees and two thousand of us .
and what happened was that every 10 year-old refugee al shabaab that the refugee refugee trade would be producing by the trade of trade of trade of dying .
you offer 50 bucks to offer about 10 percent less employees than you offered just five or why ?
because if you have to choose from 50 different mixes , it &apos;s so bad enough to decide which fund -- you just put it down to tomorrow .
and then then we go back to tomorrow and goes tomorrow , and finally later , he &apos;ll never be there .
understand that it means not only that people will have to eat coffee unless they &apos;re going to eat coffee unless they &apos;re going to make a good financial contribution for a lack of financial funding from employer .
by getting into insurance , they &apos;re coming into five thousand dollars a year that an employer should help us to deliver to the needy .
so the results are the result of being too much option .
and i think the world looks like this .
when it &apos;s been said , you want a real decision , you know , no ?
you don &apos;t want to pick a bad retirement fund or fund commands .
so it &apos;s the first cost . and the second is , if we manage to overcome paralysis and decide , we &apos;re ultimately less happy with having a product of your choice than we would be asked if they decided between less possibilities .
there are several reasons for this .
one is , with so many different people at the choice , when you buy one , and he &apos;s not great -- and he &apos;s not great -- and i really don &apos;t think that , because if you had to choose otherwise , you would make better , and so this giving us an alternative one of the fingers of the compass that you did if they decided to make it better .
as more selection , the action is regret you can regret any square on what you decided for .
and the other result is what economists call &quot; price for opportunity . &quot;
dan gilbert a very high morning very sad talk about how much value is worth the value of what we compare to .
well , when there &apos;s many ways to consider , we can easily imagine some amazing merits of the choices that you &apos;ve chosen , and for them less people with the alternative that you chose .
one example . i &apos;m so sorry from those of you who are from new york .
&quot; i can &apos;t just stop thinking about how much to free the parking spots on the corner of the western street . &quot; and you think you &apos;ve had something else .
and this couples is priceless .
power has aged off .
an amazing beach , a beautiful day . they have everything for yourself .
what could be better ? &quot; the hell , &quot; think , &quot; think it &apos;s year . &quot;
all the neighbors in manhattan are gone .
i could take a straight directly center . &quot;
it &apos;s been spent two weeks which is being made by a day that a great parking parking .
&quot; cost for opportunity &quot; as well as regards from pleasure from what we picked , even if we picked what we picked is great .
and more potential for potential , the more environmental benefits of those possibilities are being given as a price of choice .
here &apos;s another example .
and this cartoon cartoon ted will reveal .
it shows our lives for the moment , and it shows something about that we have to slow down .
but on the one thing , any other thing comes up , the decision for whatever you want to do , you don &apos;t want to do something else .
and so , in these things , it can be many sexy and applause on these things you &apos;re doing .
thirdly : increasing expectations .
and that struck me when i was going to buy new jeans .
i almost wear jeans .
and there were time when the jeans was available , high-power you have bought them , and they were uncomfortable with you , and if you were brought a long amount of bags , but if you were brought a few times a few times it &apos;s been a few times .
so i went to buy a new jeans after many years of wearing these old bags , and i said , &quot; well , i need jeans and size . &quot;
and the dog said , &quot; you want narrow , flexible , or wide ?
do you want with knobs or cloth ? you want to wake or smoke ?
want to be a cow ?
you want with a cop or concrete , blah blah blah blah &quot; and continue and further .
and i had dropped my jaw , and when i got my senses , i said , &quot; i want those who used to have the only accessible thing . &quot;
no , no one knew what could be , so i spent an hour of mine , that i wanted my shop -- very high and high school most famous than i had ever experienced in life .
i didn &apos;t heed . all of that overreact to me .
but i felt worse .
why ? i wrote a whole book that was trying to explain myself .
the reason i felt worse is that all of the opportunity to get my expectations of you are getting the jeans and grew up .
i &apos;ve used any expectations . i had no specific expectations when it was possible .
if there &apos;s 100 different species , the hell , one of them would be perfect .
and what i got was good , but not perfect .
and i also had to be angry that i had aged with what i was expecting to be an disappointed against what i was expecting .
if we &apos;re adding into human lives , it has necessarily become increasing even their expectations of how good these possibilities can be .
that will make smaller satisfaction with a result , even if it was a good result .
no one in the literature doesn &apos;t know . because if they knew it wasn &apos;t wrong .
the truth looks much more like this .
the reason for that for granted was a better time when everything was worse , is the fact that when it was worse , it was actually possible to experience a uncomfortable .
today , in the world that we live in -- we , rich , citizens , become citizens with the expectations of perfection -- you can hope for the thing that was good enough , you &apos;re waiting .
you never wouldn &apos;t a very very small surprise because you expectations that my expectations were already vietnamese .
the secret of happiness -- and that &apos;s why you all here -- the secret of happiness is in expectations .
i &apos;d like to say -- just a little bit of little note , was that i &apos;m actually really quite a married student .
i can &apos;t have better . i couldn &apos;t make myself &quot; jeopardy . &quot;
even if they don &apos;t have to be so bad at all .
and finally , a single consequence of that when you buy your pants for buying it is just one kind of thing , is that if you &apos;re wrong , you know , how do you make it better , you know , how do you do that , the answer is clear . how do you do that ?
there are hundreds of different kinds of amphipods new species that you buy one that you &apos;re not going to be saying , what can you ?
and the answer is the very obvious : you do .
you could better pick .
so many different types in shops in shops , is not an ipod for failure .
so when people make decisions , and even when people are doing good things and they feel disappointed when they &apos;re doing good , they &apos;re being touched .
in the last generation , overreact in the world &apos;s industrial world will massively lost , clinical depression .
i believe that a significant thing -- not the only one is an increase which has an increase in that massive depression and suicide rate is the fact that people have become confused by as well as to have themselves to explain this experience to us , it &apos;s their fault .
so with the net result , we have better in physical , objectively better , but we feel worse .
so let me remind you again .
this is an official dogma that all take to regard for granted and right , but it &apos;s wrong . it &apos;s not true .
there is no question that some choice is better than no choice , but doesn &apos;t mean that more selection is better than any choice .
there &apos;s some superconducting border . i don &apos;t know what .
but i &apos;m quite sure that we &apos;ve had a long time ever open up the possibilities at the time .
now , just as the political theme -- i &apos;m very much finished -- i &apos;m very early in our political theme , that is how that possibility is the possibility of choosing the overall bias .
there are many places in the world , and we &apos;ve heard about several of them where the problem really isn &apos;t much of freedom decision-making .
their problem is too small choices .
so what i &apos;m talking about is the strange problem of modern third-world , wealthy , western societies .
and so , frustrating is this : steve levitt yesterday has talked about how expensive and giving children children don &apos;t help anymore . it &apos;s waste waste .
what i &apos;m trying to say is that these expensive , complicated ways -- not simply they &apos;re not alone .
they even didn &apos;t know .
we actually have worse , really , because , of fact .
if some of the things that people have , you have so much choices to people in our society , we have been brought into societies where people are too few of the choices , but not only will better do our lives .
so economists call it &quot; the lean improvement . &quot;
declining sources is helping everyone -- and not only poor people -- for how to get this kind of drone option .
so to summarize this . you &apos;ve got to read this slide , and , because you &apos;re intelligent people , say , &quot; ah , what fish do is you don &apos;t regard this fish ?
nothing at the last at that moment is nothing . &quot;
the poor imagination , the worldview in the world -- and it really did the first time i read it .
but the more i think about it , the more i find a fish , high-power things know .
because the truth is , when you break down the break to give free possibilities , you don &apos;t get freedom . you &apos;re not going to play .
when you break a wire to everything that is possible , it reduces satisfaction .
you boost paralysis and reduces some of the satisfaction .
everybody needs a caretaking .
this is quite limited -- maybe even for fish , and certainly for fish , it certainly has to us .
but we just put some of an aquarium in the island , and maybe the disaster .
thank you .
once steve did steve , the los angeles times , the streets in los angeles when you heard this beautiful music .
her source was a man , beautifully african-american , homeless in overreact that played the violin with just two girls .
so this is a story that many know , because the theme of time ran on a whole book that steve rand was designed for a subject to a film where steve rand is shaking the first child-friendly geek , and the jamie gum shows the increase by the developing warrior .
nathaniel left from the dead and his lips dropped his dead , 30 years later , 30 years later he lived on the streets in skid row .
i encourage you to read a book or look at film , not only for understanding a beautiful relationship that went between the two , but really , really because of the music which helped the two , and what helped his relationship was that his five-year-old had been loaded from his life .
i met mr. 2008 , in 2008 , two years ago in concert butterflies .
he ended up a fourth slide and a fourth symphony , and he came to the stage the stage .
it was a very fun and socially social job for the arts and about killed the democratic and money that never can can make a world of sub-orbital test in the last fourth fashion of war .
we started talking about music . after a couple of days , i got my email about the ted lesson that would my career had lost me from me .
and i have to mention that nathaniel was rejected by treating to cure because his last treatment had been rejected by his last life , his met and handcuffs , and it &apos;s getting scars to breathe in my entire life .
it &apos;s the result that it &apos;s fragile to depression , or maybe the wouldn go as well , and then in a range of days , the winning reefs of skid row , audiences participate in front of their own minds .
when we started the first lesson in walt disney rooms in the hall disney was a very shaky , his eyes were very depressed , his eyes were completely off .
he was talking about a invisible minority and vice mastered to how anyone screwing out in sleep .
i was afraid , not about myself , but i was afraid to argue , that the will come into one of their ways that i would destroy his relationship to oneself , if i started talking about spider-man and dates and other testing methods of technical methods .
so i just started playing .
i played the first sentence of a static concert .
and as i played , i recorded one of the big changes in its eyes .
it was like being under the impact of a drug , chemical reaction , for which i was playing with play .
and his madness madness trajectory transforms to understanding , sad curiosity and gratitude .
and in the miracle he got bright his violin and started playing , after the buyer was priceless , and then he wanted to get out of the 16th-century concert that then wanted to get me to finished -- tantamount , bethlehem , giraffe .
we started talking about music , from playing through and dancing , you don &apos;t go from &quot; b &quot; to the tune which way to the bill .
and i understood that not only did he have a lot of music about music , but it &apos;s with this music level of personal background .
he was talking about it in the same bias and understanding it as when i talk from the los philharmonic philharmonic .
through play and a talk about music , this man has changed from the longest , marginalized man who just returned from the site after the streets of los angeles , frankly , momentous musician , musician delivered a lot .
music is the most extraordinary thing us change .
for christian means the music means emotional health .
because music allows him to take their thoughts and delusions and create them through imagination and creativity , in reality .
it &apos;s an escape for him from an inert state .
and i understand this as the most profound nature of art .
that was a very humbling reason that we created music to take them to make something that is in our core , right at our core , and our emotions , through our lens , i am able to recreate this in reality .
this cartoon makes us all and become inspired by us and inspire and edit .
and for leibniz , the music went back between friends .
the leviathan force went back to the family of musicians who understood him , was skills his skills and respected him .
i always want to play with a calculation , whether it &apos;s about walt disney hall hall room room , and on the streets of skid row , i &apos;m reminded why i made a bruises .
thank you .
thank you overreact .
robert gupta .
i want to play you something that i wrapped by by atomic songs .
i &apos;m sorry to me .
a few years ago , here at ted , peter revealed introduced by a challenge called called the marshmallow .
it &apos;s a simple idea . they commit ; they have to build highest on behalf of the long structure of , high-power little drowned off , a subway cut , and the marshmallow .
the marshmallow is for the peak .
and even if it looks quite simple , it &apos;s actually a lot because people make it very quickly .
and so i thought this was an interesting idea , and i didn &apos;t paint it to the fastest guy .
and it was very successful .
since then , i had had about 70 suits globally all around the world , the designers and architects , and the architects , even with a senior fortune fortune of a collaboration , and i would have to tell you about it .
most people start by saying that &apos;s not the task to be done .
and they talk about it , they &apos;re going to act out of power .
and they &apos;re spending a moment planning , regular . they don &apos;t pay that and makes emotion .
most of the time covering 1,000 strands into giant structures .
and then as time goes , someone finally takes a marshmallow and give him carefully to top , they drop out and be careful , walking along your job .
but the most important thing happens to happen is that &quot; adherence &quot; will change &quot; glorious , because the notes will do that that whole structure will occur and will collapse .
so there are many people who have much more &quot; orientation &quot; bits than other , and between the worst members of the class school .
they lie , they get these , they get bored ; they &apos;re a pretty raw .
and of course , there are groups that have much more called &quot; processed electronics and between the best members of the lifetime of virginia .
and that &apos;s really amazing .
what &apos;s saying is the peter &apos;s position , but they &apos;re just going to put the highest towers , but they &apos;re really the most interesting ?
so the question you ask is : how ? why ? why ? what is it ?
and peter likes say , &quot; no baby don &apos;t spend time of a conducting in the ceo of advisers &quot; inc . &quot;
they don &apos;t spend long hours of power with power .
but there &apos;s another reason .
and the reason is , the students teaching schools to find the only right design .
and then to do it .
and then what happens is they give the marshmallow for top , until they have little time , and then then ?
the crisis is .
this sounds familiar , right ?
kids from the nanoscale are different in the face of the marshmallow , and build prototypes , designed for prototypes , for prototypes , to have opportunities , dedicated for opportunity to repair .
and the designers recognize this way of cooperation as the nature of the process .
and each version is instant feedback for kids , what works and what doesn &apos;t work .
so the ability of playing with prototypes is very important , but we don &apos;t decide how other teams lead to other teams .
the average for most people is about half a feet , for students , for students &apos;s educational school is about half , lawyers are doing better , but not good , kids are doing better than most adults .
and who makes it best ?
architects and engineers , thank god .
the tallest design i &apos;ve ever seen was 99 inches .
why is this ? because they can understand the pointillist thing and you put into engineering models , you built instruments to build structures .
doctors , little better than average , but here &apos;s an interesting one .
if you put blind blind on the team , if you run out .
it &apos;s incredible . you know , you &apos;re watching them , you say , &quot; yeah , this group will win . &quot;
you just know . and why ?
because they have specific skills of themselves .
they run the process , they understand it .
and any team that controls their work , and very much focus is so much , much of their performance ,
special skills and ability to expand and their combination associated to be a success issue .
if you have 10 groups with a typical performance , maybe six of them put a stable steel .
i tried something interesting .
i thought , what is a lot more i &apos;ve got , bio-mimicry ?
and i offered a software bill for 10,000 dollars .
what do you think happened to the students design ?
how do you monetize ?
just like that , you know , no team built a stable structures .
if the team built , say , a digital construction system can take down a prize .
it &apos;s interesting how a strong impact is , in fact , much real care .
we committee these same students communicate .
and what do you think happened ?
so it &apos;s now a very valuable prototypes .
and so the same team that was between the burnt lines , he got between the best .
they built the central structure as the shortest time .
and this is what &apos;s been messing about a lot of : they &apos;re both incentives and success .
you might ask , why would someone spend so much time asking before ?
and the reason is , i &apos;m helping to build digital tools and processes that help teams design cars and video games and visual effects .
and the task with the marshmallow is to get them to reveal the hidden assumptions .
because , frankly , every project has his marshmallow , right ?
challenging challenge provides a common experience , with common language , with common access to that right prototype .
and that &apos;s the value of experience , this simple exercise of exercise .
and you can see that , in third-world month-olds who cares , they can go to the swiss .
it &apos;s a blog where you can see how to get to this task .
there &apos;s a drone of building .
or crazy examples from the world , where people that reward the condition themselves .
they are also third-world with the world with the world .
but the fundamental lesson is that design is really not a chore .
it requires to make us focus on the task of designing the senses , and they used the best of our minds , our feelings and our decisions for the task that we &apos;re just before .
and a small prototype of experience can be made by &quot; the lean &quot; to &quot; chase &quot; which supremely .
and that &apos;s the effect in a big scale .
thank you very much .
some time , i was interested in placebo who may seem like obsolete for a magician , to be interested in it , unless you think about it in the same fancy like me , that means &quot; something else is done . &quot;
in other words , ratan pills have the awful effect in some specific studies , the placebo effect just because the person thinks what the drug is or from a single place -- for example , for the person who think this is the drug , or rather -- for example , when she believes that it is a drug , by having the placebo effect .
something bizarre happens , because someone is so familiar to you .
to understand , i want to show you , we want to show you a very simple magic trick .
and i &apos;m going to show you how this works . this is a trick that is at any particular book for kids to do at least from 1950 .
i learned from the longest man plane plane , high-power supremely flight .
let me make it for you and then explain it .
and then i &apos;ll explain why i explained it .
so that &apos;s what happens .
the knife that you can explore , i regard the arm , which you can explore .
i will hold the knife in his wallet -- like this .
i don &apos;t bring my company straight .
you can see that there &apos;s nothing that got up from my top and down . they &apos;re not getting his wrist right here .
you can see that in no way , it can &apos;t go out , no way to go out and get there to get old , even down the old one .
the purpose is very simple .
i open my hand and hopefully if everything is right , my nose incidentally will hold this knife .
in fact , it &apos;s a very hard point to hold on , i can shake up and the knife of third-world .
nothing else to go down is to my trusty little side , no tricks . and you can go to everything .
hello !
so that &apos;s the trick that i often teach young kids who are interested in magic , because you can learn a lot about trick because it &apos;s a very simple trick to go to this very -- and if it &apos;s a very simple trick -- perfect .
probably most of you know this trick .
what &apos;s happening is this .
i keep a knife in your hand .
i mean , i &apos;m going to control attitude on my body to make sure that nothing flows down and up my reputations , that &apos;s a lie .
the reason my wrist is actually present is an illusion of illusion .
and at a moment , when my hand will move away from you , the fingers just looked away , my finger was moving from from this to a position that just like this .
very nice .
someone who clip-on childhood is just down there .
so there goes here , okay ?
and how i turn around , my fingers will move .
and we could talk about why it is , so you didn &apos;t notice that there are only three fingers , because the subconscious is the ability and the ability to make information , it doesn &apos;t count one , two , three , everything else .
but that &apos;s not what it is . yes ? and then open my hand .
it obviously doesn &apos;t end up , but not for the most painful don , but the trick is holding it .
and then when i close my finger , the same thing , as i turn around , it works just happening it changed my finger back .
i &apos;ll give this arm away . i just like the knife away .
so here &apos;s the trick you can make for friends and neighbors . thank you .
now what does it have to do with the placebo effect ?
i read a study , a year or a year or so kind of familiar .
i &apos;m not a doctor , or scientist , so that was the amazing thing .
now , when you &apos;re placebo placebo in the white pills , the white pills would be just white fatty grains , pretty much the effects of an effect .
but when you changed the form , it was placebo you &apos;d be getting smaller powder , the colors and one which leaves the letter , is more effectively a efficiently closer .
even if none of these things have a good effect -- it &apos;s sugar pills .
but white pills aren &apos;t the same thing as blue .
what ? i &apos;m really insecure .
and it was not the end .
if you have probes , there are more effective than not possible in any form .
in the sharp pathway , which is yellow in one and red on the other side is better than the white unification .
so delivery involves something in common for that .
one day is not as good as three musketeers -- i don &apos;t remember statistics . sorry .
but the point is at ...
well , it also affects -- it also affects .
and it also affects .
and if you want the point of placebo the drug you need to go to a trumpet for crete .
right ? syringe with some tricky -- a few inches of something burned , and i &apos;ll put it to the patient .
they think it has such a huge effect . it &apos;s much more powerful than white fat .
and this is really , this graph , i &apos;ll show you sometimes , when we &apos;re going to have slides .
the point is , white tricks is not so good as blue and it &apos;s not as good as probes and this is not so good as a needle .
and none of this is really relevant to the value ; it &apos;s just your convictions that makes a real good for your body and makes it a better effect .
i wanted to see if i could take this idea and put it to a magic party .
and to take something that &apos;s obviously a trick trick and make it a real job .
and we know about this study that if you want reality , you go into the needle .
this is seven seventh graders . it &apos;s very heavy . and i &apos;ll give it a little bit of a distraction .
that &apos;s really my meat , and that &apos;s not well-known meat .
that &apos;s my ejection operation . it &apos;s not a cumulative special effect .
i &apos;m reaching into my epic and peace needle to be in the other side .
if you &apos;re sensitive -- if you &apos;re fast -- i did just my friends last night in a hotel and some people who didn &apos;t know , and the guy didn &apos;t nearly do it .
so if we simply look so quick which other than another 30 -- actually , you know , i &apos;ll do the worst part first without you .
you can see , you can look away when you want .
so , here &apos;s what happens , the beginning of my meat on the bottom part of my arm , where i just made a second listener &apos;s orchestra .
oh , i &apos;m sorry . isn &apos;t you ?
and then on my very little control and then on the other side and then on the other side it just goes like this .
now , we &apos;re just in the same position compared with a trick with knife .
a little bit .
but can &apos;t you make my fingers math or yes ?
so let me show you . this is one , two three , four , five .
yeah , well ...
i know what people think when they see that .
&quot; yes , it &apos;s not so stupid , high-power eye eye to put us in in a few minutes to do . &quot;
so let me give you a little turret .
what does this look like ? very good .
yes , i know .
and people are saying &quot; okay . i really didn &apos;t see it . &quot;
people do . people do , at home with people .
let me show you an extra bit more sense .
that &apos;s really my ejection operation ; it &apos;s not a cumulative special effect .
that &apos;s my meat , and i can filming over and over .
sorry . if you want to take you , look away , look at the thing .
people in the back or people in the video , who will look at this , say , &quot; well , that &apos;s a little bit less effect , but if you were here -- look , this is the hole if you were in real , not appropriate .
let me show you some blood .
yes , there is .
now i would normally play the needle now .
i &apos;d suggest that , i would say , in fact , there are no injuries .
but i think in this context , and the prospect of doing something is pushing something to the actual thing and i &apos;ll encourage you and i &apos;ll leave you and leave you .
we &apos;ll see you several times over the next few days .
i hope you up for that . thank you .
i &apos;m jane mcgonigal , speaking .
so on making online games , 10 years for a goal for a next decade is trying to do doing a real world of the world as simple as to save the world in online games .
i &apos;m having a plan for a plan who is to convince more people , including all you all , to save more of the time in larger games and better games .
we spend three billion hours a week of video games .
some of you can think , &quot; that we spend a lot of time games . &quot;
maybe it even too many , look at how many lights we have to solve in the real world .
but in fact , in my research , in the future , it &apos;s true the opposite .
three billion hours a week , not nearly is enough to have problems of the world .
in fact , i believe that if we want to survive the next century on this planet , we have to have dramatically control this time .
i calculated the entire time we need for 21 billion hours a week .
and it sounds like a little bit counterintuitive , so let &apos;s go take it . let &apos;s go take it . we want to take it in trouble with hunger , poverty , climate change , global education , or obesity , i believe that we need to play global games for at least 21 billion hours a week .
no , i think supremely mattered . it really did .
this is the reason . this picture really fits very well to the future of the future survival of the human species . seriously .
this is a portrait from a fashion named phil sweating .
he wanted to capture the delicate emotion . so it was the camera before the players who played games .
and this is a classic emotion with play .
unless you &apos;re blind , maybe you &apos;re not allowed to get there in this photo of a passage .
presumably you see sense of urgency , a little bit easier , but also intense stress and deep focusing on really a hard problem .
if you &apos;re player , you notice the several nuance : a bright wrinkles account and a bright chart in the eyes are the disease , and broken eyebrows are surprise .
and that player is overreact to the threshold that is called dr. victory .
oh , you &apos;ve heard about it . well , so there &apos;s a players in favor .
win victory is the result that is so extremely positive that you didn &apos;t even know that it was possible before you had a hug .
it was almost in the world of imagination of imagination the imagination of imagination the way of imagination the imagination was almost in the ground of imagination the imagination of imagination the way of imagination the imagination was almost in the ground of imagination the imagination of imagination the way of imagination the imagination was almost in the ground of imagination the imagination of imagination the way of imagination the imagination was almost in the ground of imagination the imagination of imagination the way of imagination the imagination was almost in the ground of imagination the imagination of imagination the
and when you &apos;ve got it , you &apos;ve got to find you what you really capable of , that &apos;s win .
now that player is at the threshold win at the threshold victory for that guy is at the threshold victory at the threshold victory that is at the threshold victory at the threshold victory that is at the threshold victory at the threshold victory that is at the threshold victory at the threshold victory that is at the threshold victory at the threshold victory that is at the threshold victory at the threshold victory that is at the threshold victory at the threshold victory that is at the threshold victory at the threshold victory that is at the threshold victory
and we need to see this face in millions of people all over the world , if we want to deal with the challenges of seeing the world , the face of someone who is despite the circumstances of choosing at the threshold of win .
unfortunately , this is the face that is now beginning to see in everyday life when we &apos;re trying to deal with the problems .
i &apos;m saying &quot; i &apos;m not good at my life , &quot; and this is really me about this for this about this for this is this effect for this , &quot; and this is what i &apos;m about for this for this is this effect for this to this is , &quot; this one is really me about this for this for this effect in the general , &quot; and this is what i &apos;m about for this one for this is this effect about this for this is , &quot; this one is really me about this
faces are not good at life .
it &apos;s a part of a graffiti from my longest neighborhood in berkeley , where i did a ph.d to my phd , why we were very better in the real life .
and , there &apos;s a problem that &apos;s a lot of gamers .
we feel that we &apos;re not so good in reality as in the games .
and i don &apos;t think good at the sense of successful , even though it belongs to this .
we can do more in the corporate world -- but i mean more good about the meaning of not to do something that has meaning , to a common job .
and when we move in a multipolar world , i believe that many of us become the best version of us in the face of an awful long time , as it &apos;s going to help itself to drive , and try that again .
in real life , when we encounter a failure when we encounter a challenges , they often didn &apos;t look so choked up .
we feel compelled . we feel overwhelmed ; feeling , maybe french or illegal or subtraction .
we never have these feelings , in games , high-power things don &apos;t really exist .
this is what i wanted to explore when i studied myself .
what &apos;s going to prevent , in the games of being done , that we can &apos;t do nothing ?
how can we take these feelings of games and apply them to work in the real world ?
i looked at play like world of warcraft , which is really ideal for solving problems with cooperation .
and i noticed a few things that could win by the online games in online games .
first , whenever you come into these online games , especially in rats , they &apos;re getting so many different figures willing trust -- to make a mission to save the world , and it &apos;s right .
it &apos;s not any mission , but it &apos;s exactly the one which is exactly the livers level in the game .
and you &apos;re able to handle it .
you &apos;re never going to get a challenge that you can &apos;t do .
but there is your ability on the edges of your ability , so you have to try hard . but there are not unemployed people .
there is no substitute with hands in the lap ; there is something particular and important that is possible to do .
and there are also there and high-power collaborators .
everywhere you &apos;ve come , there are hundreds and thousands of people ready to make you work for me to become doing my job .
and we &apos;re not getting that in real life -- the sense that we have on our grasp of legion .
and also and the inspiring story is an inspiring story about why we were there and what we didn &apos;t get .
we also get all the positive feedback loops .
you &apos;ve certainly heard about increasing level force and intelligence for units .
this kind of constant feedback makes you not .
so i get off from the stage , i get one for speaking , plus one behind the crazy idea . well , or 20 for the crazy idea .
this feedback thing in the real life of them .
the problem with online extraterrestrial collaboration like world of warcraft , is that it &apos;s so satisfying to be totally satisfying to that positioning which we decide to go in these games , unrelated all time to you .
they &apos;re just better than reality .
for the efficient , for example the players have spent a millennium million years by translating virtual problems .
that &apos;s not necessarily bad .
even if it might sound like bad .
but put it in context : in time in a million years of a while in a while , the oldest precursor man , in the oldest place of man .
it was the first primate primate .
so what we &apos;re talking about is how much time we invest in games for games , then the only way that we &apos;re going to think about is to think about the scale of human evolution , which is unusual .
but the thing is , because it turns out that to become all of this time of the time in games to change what we &apos;re human beings can change as human beings .
we have been developing in a kind that multiple month-olds in place and is common .
that &apos;s true . i believe that supremely mattered .
now , look at this very interesting statistics recently from the carnegie mellon university , the average young person today , high-power average child today is close by controlling online games a long time to spend video online games .
ten thousand hours is really an interesting number of reasons for two reasons .
first , in the united states , there is an exact number of hours of hours in the united states at least high school in a school to end high school in case in great security .
so there are two parallel sets of education where young people learn , what that wasn draper to be good and simultaneously on everything else in school .
some of you have read a new book by the heart of kyoto , right ?
so you know the story of success , the theory of success over 10 hours of success .
it &apos;s based on big research science , which says that if we manage the manage hours of planning to anything to age at the age of 21 years , we &apos;ll be doing this .
we will be equally good as the best people in the world .
what we see today is the whole generation of young people who are mistry .
the big question is , &quot; how are gamers so good ? &quot;
because we &apos;ve got that we could take that completely incredible human resource .
this is the number of people worldwide that &apos;s spending online online games at least an hour every day .
these are our main actors -- 500 million people who are extremely good -- something .
and in the next decade , the next billion players , who are extremely good -- in whatever it is .
if you don &apos;t know about it , it &apos;s in the wings .
play industry manufacturing is a low energy enterprise , who work in wireless phone networks , instead of tracking the internet , especially in india , in china , in china , they can be online .
in the next decade , the number of new players occur .
the total number of players so it reaches 1.5 billion .
i started thinking , what &apos;s in the game which is doing the games of us .
i came to four things . i came to four things .
understand it like an extreme opera .
so the bombsight is the desire to engage in so choked up to meet the problem of rightness with the belief , that we have a reasonable hope on success .
players always believe that win victory is possible , and that &apos;s what supremely mattered now .
players stink .
players are mistry at large solid social networks .
there are lots of interesting research reported that we have people rather than let them go to play with them , even if we just wouldn &apos;t end with them .
the reason is that it takes a lot of trust to someone playing a game .
we believe that with us spending our time , in third-world rules that will be made in the same rules , that will be fixed to the end .
collective games really puzzle play , confidence and collaboration .
because , as a result , we &apos;re really making better social relationships .
beating productivity . i love that .
you know why average musician is playing 22 hours a week , something about the next half of a woman &apos;s job ?
and the reason is , we know when we play when we &apos;re actually doing so much , if we &apos;re not working hard than we do or we &apos;re so set .
we know that as human beings have dropped a hard job hard a lot a meaningful job was hard to really meaningful work a hard job to really meaningful work , that , i know a hard job hard at a hard job a hard job a hard job to actually do , a hard job hard at a hard job a hard job hard a lot a meaningful job was , right enough to really meaningful work a hard job to really meaningful work , that , i know a hard job hard at a hard job a hard
and players are willing to work hard if they get to challenge challenge .
and finally , meaningless meaning .
players struggling to participate by the mission , and human stories of planetary mass .
and now a few tiny little graders , which will you get to get the right perspective , all of the wikipedia in the world .
the second largest wiki world with almost different articles are wiki about the play world of warcraft .
five million people use it for every month .
they &apos;ve collected on the internet with a bunch more information than any other subject on any other subject , which is also about other wiki in the world .
they create a stealth story .
they produce the stealth source of knowledge on play world of warcraft .
so these are the four tvs that give us one thing ; actors are unique to hope .
so these are people whose people are capable of changing the world .
the only problem is they believe that they &apos;re able to change the worlds virtual , and not the real real thing .
that &apos;s the problem i try to explore .
there is an economist called edward edward .
his job is brilliant . it explores why people invest so much time and energy and money to online worlds .
and he says , &quot; we &apos;re seeing something that &apos;s not supposed to call a spot rather than a slave to perfect worlds and climate online games . &quot;
is an economist , so it &apos;s rational .
and he says ...
no like me -- i &apos;m not suggesting a game .
but it tells us that this makes sense , because players can achieve much more than in real life .
it might have stronger social relationships in the games before in real life , they get better feedback and they feel more specifically than in real life .
and so , it &apos;s going to say that we &apos;re going to get a sense to see more than virtual worlds than we don &apos;t know in the world .
i agree that that &apos;s logical -- in so far .
but it &apos;s not the ideal situation , no way .
we need to start building the real world as much as a game .
my inspiration is from something that happened 2,500 years ago .
these are the ancient edition made from songs .
until we had not had all these fantastic games regulations , we had sheep signified .
text presents our first play equipment make human beings .
if you heard of the work of ancient greek policy , maybe that story is the story of what &apos;s invented and why .
and the irony is that games , and particularly the game in the needles , they were sent in the u.k. of the kingdom of famine .
so the hardest famine so terrible famine , that king of spades , high-power king of third-world month-olds is the necessary to make something very funny .
people suffered . people fought each other .
it was an extreme situation ; it was required by an extreme solution .
so according to the day the game came in and introduced across the kingdom which will all eat , one day they will all eat , and the second day will all play the game ,
that has all happened in play , because the games are so engaging and don &apos;t get us into satisfying what they &apos;re going to forget .
then the next day , they &apos;ll play games and other day will eat .
according to this experience , living down 18 years and alive still made the norm , and he played the game day , and on the other day he played games .
i think that &apos;s exactly how we use play today .
we use the game to leaks from suffering from suffering .
we use the game to stop with everything that doesn &apos;t work in real lives , and what we need , we get away from games .
but that doesn &apos;t have to stop .
this is really exciting .
according to the wake at 18 years of famine , the king is designed to do the last one in a block .
they divided up the universe full .
they staged the seats in the photo , and the winners of this game went to a low-carbon adventure .
they left the shoots and they went to search for new ways for life , and in the realm of the realm , and so many people still have to survive for the resources that they were available to , and hope that civilization will succeed where they did them .
it sounds crazy , right ?
but recently by recent evidence of dna , you know that these guys who &apos;ve been bringing empire , actually have the same dna as the ancient citizens of the owner .
scientists as recently admit that the han crazy story is actually true .
and geologists found evidence of the of the of the of the universal particles that took the famine 20 years , which would explain famine .
&quot; crazy story , &quot; maybe possibly be true .
they could actually save their culture with play , so that &apos;s so provided to 18 years from so choked up , which is so inspired and so much learned from the game market in fact that saving all civilization .
we can do it too .
warcraft is 1994 .
it was the first child-friendly strategy of warcraft , so that &apos;s 16 years ago .
they were playing a cubes by 18 years , we play warcraft by 16 years .
i say we &apos;re ready for our own camera game .
they left half of civilization to go to a new world . this is where my 21 hours of play a week .
let &apos;s have half of us to do that if we can get an hour a day of game games until we don &apos;t solve the real world world .
and i know you &apos;re asking , &quot; how do we solve the real world with games ? &quot; i &apos;ve just been involved in this for one last few years to the future .
and we have this sign in our offices , in palo alto , by looking at what we should have relationship to the future .
we don &apos;t want to make the future predict .
we want to make the future create .
we want to imagine the best result , and then people will give that result to the answer .
we want to think the victory and then give people the tools that have achieved .
now i &apos;m briefly putting you very briefly which i &apos;ve made , and that is actually how i put people to create the interventions in their own future .
this is the world without oil .
we &apos;ve created third-world month-olds in 2007 .
it &apos;s online game where you &apos;re trying to survive oil .
no oil &apos;s a fictional person , i have enough online content to believe that it &apos;s true , and you have the real life to believe , and you will be working on a game , if the oil was going to work , you &apos;ll be going to play on a game , and you &apos;ll have to be told to play a game , if you &apos;re going to get a game and give you video .
we &apos;ve launched this game which , hundreds in attendance and watched them were three years old .
and i can tell you , that was a bizarre experience .
no one wants to change the way of life just because it &apos;s good for the world , or that &apos;s what &apos;s expected .
but if you put people into a searchable adventure and give them the &quot; oil . &quot;
it &apos;s suddenly a wonderful story and an adventure that you can attend to .
and he decided to have a challenge to survive , and most of our players choose to identify habits that supremely has learned in this game .
so we &apos;re going overreact to the other world to save the world rather , larger problem than oil is oil .
we made a game called the doodling at the educational institute .
the idea of that is that we &apos;ve got nowhere on this planet , only 23 years .
the particular deal of course was called &quot; the system of global extinction , &quot;
we invited people online as in the &quot; jerry potter .
you know the jerry seinfeld &apos;s dream -- you &apos;ve got a team of dreams , and you have a scientist , scientist , scientist , so they all have to do to save the world .
but in our game , instead of just five people in the team , they said that every single team of dreams is all about to be all about teaching the energy of the future , the food of the future , the health of the social security network and network social security future .
we had 8,000 people in that game , who was at eight weeks who was born it was born for eight weeks ,
and they came up to 500 of new software solutions that you can find online when you google google .
finally , we launched in three games , we launched out march ; it &apos;s a game created with the u.s. bank bank .
if you check the traffic , you get a certificate from the world bank as a social boltzmann year .
we &apos;ve been working with tripadvisor after sub-saharan africa and offer them to some potential skills in social innovation .
we have cartoon information . we have rising levels in skills like local insights and connections , endurance , and incredible .
i &apos;d like all of you to have challenged you to spread around the world , especially in developing areas , in many countries , in the developing areas that can benefit from being together and start developing their own social business to save the world .
let me try to summarize it .
i want to ask you the question .
what do you think there will happen ?
we have all these wonderful players , there are a game that is a candidate what we could do , but none of them even the real world of being done .
i hope to agree that players are human resources that we can apply for work in the real world , and that games are a powerful foundation for change .
we have all these amazing observatories -- the floods mattered , capacity to lift a lot of social networks , the feeling of optimism and desire for the meaning .
and what i really hope we can do is we can bring together in games that have meaning , to live on this planet , to survive the next century .
and i hope you &apos;ll join me to create and play games like this .
when i look at the next decade , i know two things : we can create any future that we can imagine , and we can play any game we can play .
and so , up in a game , what &apos;s going to change the world !
thank you .
imagine that i have a machine .
big , mica , recyclable cattle , and it &apos;s a machine time .
and everybody in this room has to go to him .
and you can go forward and go backwards . you can &apos;t stay where you &apos;re .
and i wonder what you picked because i asked my friends and i want to go to my friends , and everybody wanted to go to the past .
staring . they want no cars at the time either , or twitter on , &quot; the american idol , &quot;
i don &apos;t know .
but the idea to the belief is that there is some loud , some desire to get a reason to get their wish .
and i understand that .
but i have to say that between this people don &apos;t exist .
that &apos;s not because i would be a dentist .
it &apos;s because the possibilities on this planet don &apos;t go back , go ahead .
so i want to go to this machine , and i want to go forward .
now we &apos;re living at the best time that this planet has seen it : health , wealth , mobility , opportunities , the opportunity to declining the country .
we never had it .
my translator died , everybody when they were about 60 years outside .
my rose back to a hundred .
my parents is coming to 80 .
and it would get . it would start a nine at the beginning of my age , when i &apos;m going to die .
but this isn &apos;t about people like us that we are , high-power power , too .
he &apos;s going to have been looking at a child today in new delhi to expect the richest for much as long as the richest man could expect the richest man to live 100 years ago .
think about it . it &apos;s incredible .
and why is that ?
smallpox . smallpox didn &apos;t spend billions of people on this planet .
the demographics had no war as far as far .
it &apos;s gone . it &apos;s gone .
we &apos;re overreact . it is hypertext .
in the developed world disease , that signified , between millions of people has been achieved , almost not .
don &apos;t start , chad , child polio .
has any ever seen , ever , who are these things ?
the manufacturing , modern medicine , our ability to feed billions of people , are successes which are science processes .
and in my mind , the scientific approach , testing ideas , testing things , whether it works and make it happen , is one of the most profound records of human progress .
so these are good news .
unfortunately , more of them , because we have other problems , and talk about them very much .
and one of them is that , despite all our successes , a billion people in this world are going to sleep every day .
so this number is growing , and it &apos;s growing away , and that &apos;s outrageous .
and we &apos;ve just done that . we used our skills to make the future right .
drinking water , rocky soil in the rainforests , in oil , oil , natural gas disappears , and disappears soon , and if we dropped a way from symmetry , he also built .
so the question is : can we do that ? i think , oh , yeah .
i think it &apos;s obvious that we can make food that you can &apos;t make for a billion people without taking the earth that live .
i think we can drive the world that will not be killed the same to protect it .
i really think that , and it &apos;s not a wishful thinking .
but there &apos;s one thing you &apos;ve found to me , and one thing that keeps me from night , is not to spend more than now , we never need more than now , never .
and we also weren &apos;t being comfortable in being comfortable using it as well as we can .
in many areas , we &apos;re at the threshold of great discoveries , and yet , i think we &apos;d had to go back to 300 years to spend time in our lifetime , and to find the time that we had continued to build on progress , on more fronts , and not to .
people are thrown into their beliefs , and that concrete is not to disenthrall .
the truth is gregariousness .
look : everybody &apos;s got an opinion on your own ; even the law about the progress of progress .
but you know what &apos;s not a chore ?
you &apos;re supposed to make facts . sorry , but you don &apos;t have .
it took me a moment to come to this .
about 10 years ago , i wrote an article about a story &quot; the new yorker magazine , &quot; a short article .
and i was surprised with the mustache , not knowing what &apos;s , the end of the highest success area in human health health in human history .
i didn &apos;t know what to do , so i just did what i was doing . i wrote that and then went to other things .
and the moment i wrote the paper about genetically modified foods .
same , just bigger .
people scream .
so i wrote about that . and i couldn &apos;t understand why people thought about &quot; smallpox food , &quot; why thought was that by paraplegic , &quot; oops , built in a place that was just natural , rather than in nature .
but you know , i &apos;m doing a paper . i &apos;m going to write an article , and i &apos;m going to go to other things .
so i &apos;m a journalist .
so that &apos;s what we do : we &apos;ll rip it down , we go for dinner , and it &apos;s priceless .
but i couldn &apos;t get these stories on the ground , and i couldn &apos;t understand it , and finally i &apos;ve come up .
those mad who drives me crazy , actually they weren &apos;t ever a lick .
they were thought , educated and inexperienced people .
they were very similar to people in this room .
and i &apos;m a lot of minds .
but then we said , let &apos;s be honest :
in this time , we don &apos;t have the same relationship to the progress we used .
we &apos;re talking about progress in words .
ironically , and often with wonder , &quot; progress &quot; is . &quot;
well , there are reasons for the reasons , and i think they &apos;re .
we lost belief in institutions , in authority , and sometimes in science . and they don &apos;t have what blame .
it &apos;s just sent a few names , and people understand .
similarly , the limiting and cleaning and the therapists therapists , did weapons regard -- problems with causing voices .
you know , you can make your own list .
we have trouble now and questions about people who once had always right . so be skeptical .
ask , to be the evidence and magic .
don &apos;t take any of it for granted .
but , in fact , that &apos;s where you get evidence , you have to admit for him , to understand the evidence which is not very good .
and the reason i &apos;m saying is that we live in the epidemic of fear that i never saw , and i hope to see .
about 12 years ago , she was published , this was a matter , a shitty story , which made an epidemic of autism with reagan , sergeant and patriots .
frightening .
they did a lot of research to see if it &apos;s true .
they did a lot of studies ; it &apos;s because it &apos;s serious .
and they came .
from the united states , from england , from sweden , from canada , and they were all the same -- no association , no association , no association at all .
that doesn &apos;t matter . does it matter because we believe for random stories , in random . we believe what we see , or what we see is , what a great concern about us is .
we don &apos;t believe we believe a bunch of documents that one government costs as data , i understand that we all understand that we understand .
but you know what ?
the result of that was voluntary .
disaster , because it &apos;s happened : united states is the only country in the world where the amount of vaccines are facing is declining .
that &apos;s a spoof . and we &apos;re supposed to be ashamed of that .
it &apos;s terrible .
what did we do to this ?
i now understood it . i know this .
any time measles ?
is anybody in this room who have seen someone dying at measles ?
it &apos;s not often happening .
but it wasn &apos;t at all , but it happened in last year that happened in the world .
that &apos;s a lot of death caused independently . the salary .
but because it didn &apos;t happen , we don &apos;t have to think . and so people like jenny shoots and doing knows , and the welfare mattered and terrible concern , on tv and about john reforms , about saying , &quot; larry king live . &quot;
and it can do that because the buyer goes to a eyelash lifelike and helpful black .
they don &apos;t understand these things as well , but almost never the same .
and that &apos;s something we have to learn , and we need to learn very soon .
this guy , jonas salk , was a hero .
it took systematic of the worst regrets of humanity .
it &apos;s not anymore , it &apos;s not anymore , no pain , no suffering , boom , and child polio is gone .
this guy in the middle didn &apos;t do so much .
his name is paul rand .
it was only evolved with a bunch of other people vaccines against the ambulance .
it was so choked up to save every million children in the developing world .
pretty good , right ?
well , it &apos;s good because giving them good , and they talk about vaccines and says how useful they are , and that people would just stop getting away .
he &apos;s actually saying this .
so paul is a terrorist .
when the giving talk to public hearing , it can &apos;t reap the law without the throwaway law .
people called him home to say they know they know his children &apos;s going to know him .
and why ? because paul evolved the vaccine .
overreact to -- i don &apos;t mean that vaccines are essential ; they are essential ; fuji , they are simply necessary -- bio-mimicry ; bio-mimicry is they are necessary ; bio-mimicry ; bio-mimicry is bio-mimicry ; they are necessary ; they are necessary ; they are necessary ; they are necessary ; they are necessary ; they are necessary ; they are necessary ; they are necessary ; they are necessary ; they are necessary ; they are necessary ; they are necessary ; they are necessary ; they are necessary ; bio-mimicry is they are necessary the mechanisms
you add them away and the disease gets back , terrible disease , and that &apos;s happening .
now we have measles .
and it &apos;s getting worse , and soon for them , children will die for dying , it &apos;s just a game of numbers .
and it &apos;s not only measles .
what polio ? what about polio ? why not ?
i was coming from college a few weeks ago , and she said , she felt like a little bit of a crap .
no one else had ever heard which one was ever saying before me which one was never told i had never said no one else said it before , no one was ever saying it before i said no one else said it before , you never said it before , no one was told i &apos;d never tell me no one else said it before , that one was never telling me no one else said no one else said it before , i never said no one else said no one else said it before , she had
you can &apos;t vaccinate the polio polio dollar . no way .
all right .
why ? because we don &apos;t have polio . and you know what ?
we had not had polio yesterday .
the guy today &apos;s morning may have been in a plane to try to l.a. six o &apos;clock on the airport , now it &apos;s just the strongest thing .
it lands for a few hours , and she &apos;s taking a car and comes to long beach to buy one of the great ted dinner tonight here tonight .
and he doesn &apos;t know that &apos;s with a disease with disease , we don &apos;t really have , because this works on this world .
we &apos;re living on this planet . you don &apos;t pretend that it &apos;s not so .
they like to make lies down , we love that .
everybody &apos;s all taking vitamins .
and then the tiny little hole , the tiny little hole ?
i know you &apos;ve done that , because half of america are doing that every day .
it &apos;s taking all kinds of alternative drugs . it doesn &apos;t matter how often we find things .
studies say this over repeatedly .
it will the heart which will come the rent away . almost make it better .
that &apos;s okay if you want 28 billion dollars in dark hospitals .
i &apos;m totally with you .
there are dark urine . dark .
why do we do this ? why do we do this ?
well , i think i know , of us , &quot; big shoe &quot; big shoe .
it also serves a great government . we don &apos;t have faith in these people .
and we wouldn &apos;t have had a health system . it &apos;s nothing .
it &apos;s cruel to millions of people .
it &apos;s totally and incredibly damaging and killed those of us who can afford it .
how do we want to avoid that , where is going to go ?
well , hold the general general mix .
that &apos;s fantastic . i love heavy .
but you know , it &apos;s really serious business because they &apos;re stupid and we &apos;re living for billions of dollars .
and i have all kinds of mint in here .
now , all this is done : huh -- misconduct -- wash , i don &apos;t even know what that is , but we &apos;re living for billions of dollars , we know , it &apos;s also cheating .
and you know what ? when i &apos;m telling this , people yelling to me , saying , &quot; what &apos;s wrong ? whether people do what they want .
they &apos;re good at that . &quot;
you know what ? you &apos;re wrong .
because it &apos;s one . whether it &apos;s the minister of health who says , &quot; oh , i won &apos;t think of the evidence of my experts who say , &quot; well , i will not think of the evidence by my engineers using a neutron .
however , if you &apos;re going to start this path where belief and magic has to replace evidence and science , you end up in place where you don &apos;t want to be .
it was proceeding like a bombed-out law in south africa .
it killed his people &apos;s people called red worms , washing down and consumed oil and olive oil , much more than antiretroviral drugs .
hundreds of thousands of severe casualties in the country , which suffered more than any other .
so please don &apos;t tell me that all the consequences of all the consequences .
it &apos;s got . they &apos;re always consequences .
the largest epidemic in stupid of the world , i think , is absurd the battle between third-world and genetically modified foods , overreact enough , overreact .
it &apos;s a conversation and it needs to stop .
it &apos;s a eyelash taking care , right .
it &apos;s an ideology , it &apos;s not science .
every single individual requirements that we eat , every single grain rice , every single one blows up , and each one starts by unexplored man .
you know , you weren &apos;t rocket anymore .
not even the priests .
even the christmas shoe . it signified .
we &apos;ve done it in the past 11,000 years .
and some changes worked and some are not .
we got rid which didn &apos;t work .
we can do this today in a rigorous way . yes , there are risks , absolutely , but can give millions to rice , and that can help millions of people and extend life .
you don &apos;t want to do that ?
i have to say that i don &apos;t understand .
we &apos;re against genetically modified things .
and why ?
well i hear that i &apos;m sure too , too many chemicals , pesticides , hormones , abused third-world . we don &apos;t want a huge field with the same thing .
we don &apos;t want business to create society .
we don &apos;t want businesses support ; we don &apos;t want companies to use ;
and you know what my answer is to this thing ?
yes , you &apos;re right . let &apos;s do this .
it &apos;s true , we have a huge problem with food , but that &apos;s not a problem in science .
that &apos;s not to do science with science .
so , they &apos;re the laws , it &apos;s morality ; it &apos;s a leak which is a ceremony .
the science is not a company , right ?
it &apos;s not supposed to happen .
it &apos;s not even a belief , it &apos;s a process .
it &apos;s a process , and sometimes it works and sometimes not , but the idea is that we shouldn &apos;t really make science do our job because we fear it is really impossible . it prevents millions of people to create health .
you know , you &apos;re going to grow over 70 percent more productive than now , 70 percent of more foods .
this investment in africa over the last 30 years in the last 30 years
it was a eyelash deploy . shukran .
they need them , high-power them , to give them .
and why ? well , it &apos;s genetically engineered food .
we don &apos;t want people to eat awful things like it for example .
she will not live half a billion people .
it &apos;s something like potatoes .
this is just a pile of calories ; it &apos;s nothing .
it doesn &apos;t have to eat away , it doesn &apos;t have protein , and i &apos;ve aged it so much .
then people can eat it without being blind .
he stopped waiting , and you know what ?
that would be nice . it wasn &apos;t about &quot; at chez panisse , but it &apos;s just nice .
and so the only thing i can say is : why are we fighting this ?
if we &apos;re fighting overreact to yourself : why are we fighting this ?
because don &apos;t we want to get genes ?
this argument is about gene genes ; it &apos;s not about chemical inks .
it &apos;s not about our ridiculous passion for hormones , our propensity to get food , better food , unusual and unique food .
this is not about rice rice rice wasn &apos;t , it &apos;s about to survive , and it &apos;s time to get to understand what this means .
because , you know which ?
if we don &apos;t look , if we continue to act out how we act , you &apos;re supposed to fail something that i think wouldn &apos;t be , which i think really sucks , most high-tech tech .
there is no other way to describe what is going to be .
it &apos;s selfish , it &apos;s ugly , and it &apos;s not us being abused and really really we need to stop .
so , after this incredibly fun conversation you can say , &quot; well , you still want to go to this funny thing and go forward and go forward ? &quot;
absolutely . exactly , i &apos;m sure .
and this machine is not going to work in the present time , but we have an amazing opportunity .
and we can set the time for something to want .
we can move where we want to move , and we move forward where we want to be .
we have to have these conversations , we need to think , but when we &apos;re in the machine of time , it &apos;s going to drive , and this is going forward , and we &apos;ll like to get there .
i know that we can push the perspectives , and i think that &apos;s what the world needs now .
thank you .
thank you .
i grew up at a real life of science fiction .
i went to school in overreact to an hour which every day .
and i &apos;ve always been trained to investigate books , science books , who &apos;ve driven my mind to other worlds and narrow , with my story , the illusion that i didn &apos;t have to cover .
you know , my curiosity didn &apos;t show for example that when i was not in school , i was out in the woods , walking out in the forest , walking , collecting them , air , frogs , snakes , eagles and depressing under the microscope .
you know , i was a real carpenter .
but all this was just trying to understand the world , to understand the simplest .
my love to science has actually been around in the world around what was going on in the end of 1960s , we landed on the moon , we landed on the moon , we &apos;ve worked on the oceans .
jacques cousteau moons in our living room rooms with our maths and our maths and where we &apos;ve actually never managed to even imagine .
it &apos;s all going to be done with my work in science .
plus i was an artist .
i could know . i could like painting .
and because there were no video games , so so many visualizations films and neither media did so well , i had to make pictures in my head .
you know , we all did as children , and we read this book , and we read this book , we &apos;ve found the canvas in our heads in our heads .
and i &apos;m a rented thing , so this is what that cartoon aliens , alien worlds , the space boat and so .
countless times of me , in mathematics , struck me how a breathing ring in the mud .
and my great-aunt was just a microscope .
and what &apos;s interesting is that habits of habits of me a very comfortable means that in fact , the ground is the world &apos;s deepest world .
i discussed that i would sometimes investigation aliens in the universe . that was awfully unlikely .
but this was the world i could really go to see right here on earth , and it was equally rich and exotic as my mindset when i read my books .
so , in 15 , i decided to become a facilitator .
the only fundamental one was the fact that i lived in a small village in canada , eight miles away from the nearest ocean .
but that &apos;s not me .
so , i spent a long job visiting my dad until finally found a school in a wagon slice where we lived .
and finally , i wrote the trials in the pool , usually frozen across the lake , in the state of new york .
and the ocean , the real ocean , i have seen two years before we moved into california .
since then , over the past 40 years , i spent about 3,000 hours underwater , from 500 hours in a coma .
i &apos;ve seen that the environment of the profound oceans , even the majority which mattered , is full of truly amazing life , which really exceeds our imagination .
the imagination is beyond our human imagination so we can &apos;t taste .
now , fill in is wonder , when i was looking so choked , and look around .
my love for the ocean is still so strong that it was as strong as it was .
but when i was not a chance that i was going to do as a adults , i chose a bloody movies .
it seemed to be the best path to making a challenge to make stories between my need and to create pictures .
as a kid , i always made a cartooning volunteer and that stuff .
so the films was going to be a way to connect the images and the stories together . it made sense .
and of course , the stories i decided to tell was science : &quot; terminator , &quot; &quot; aliens &quot; and &quot; the gap . &quot;
in &quot; the abyss , i connect together to my own rivers underwater and deep shelters .
so the connection of those two passions .
so , on the &quot; line &quot; was interesting to solve the problem of a problem that was created by a particular kind of predatory beings , we had to use mr. animation called helicopters .
the result was the first feature of third-world creatures with the mars surface that was ever seen in film .
and despite the fact that film had no money , actually , almost spring , i witnessed something truly amazing , if the viewers , the general public , they &apos;re comfortable beautifully .
the arthur pedal says that any advanced technology is designed by magic .
they watched something magic .
and of this , i was very excited .
and i was like , &quot; well , that &apos;s something you &apos;ll pick at in a one-to-one basis . &quot;
so in &quot; cats 2 , &quot; my next film , we went out .
together with the film , we built a guy from liquid metal , a success , a depended on what this effect would work .
worked . and we gave . and we &apos;ve given the audience magic . and the audience pulls the same apart , and we made a little bit of money less than before .
so , when i was trying to connect these two experiences , it was a whole new world of creativity for a movie of creativity .
so i started a company with a company named kobi -- who was there at the time he was offered a band-aid and designer character figures , and we could give it this before called the digital economy .
the concept of society was clear -- we stop we wanted to mix from analog the past to the optical chain , so , and the stream clip-on very digital production .
and we did that and we made it a very privilege at the moment .
but by the &apos; 90s , we realized that was broken in design and characters that we had a group in a group .
so i wrote a film called &quot; avatar &quot; who had completely transformed visual tricks of selling on a host of the human manipulation , by the main kind of human syndrome has been designed by technology ; all the main characters would be made of technology ; the whole world is also done .
but with this , i stood out . the boys told me that it would be at some point to this before to do this .
so i &apos;m doing this and photographed so much film in doing a big boat , which is going to sink .
you know , i went to the studio and sold them as &quot; inconvenient and juliet on a boat &quot; and he &apos;s going to see this dr. fernando film , a film about desire .
between us , i actually wanted to interact with the challenges with the titanic .
so i photographed the film .
in fact , it was like this . and the studio had no idea .
but i did my mind , i said , &quot; we &apos;re going to go to a rescue ; we really did that .
we use it in the search sequence .
it &apos;ll make a big meaning . it &apos;ll be great marketing . &quot;
and i got them to a key expedition .
it sounds crazy . and it &apos;s coming back to this topic of how you make reality .
because we did just , as i was a half years later , he was sitting in a russian submersible two and a half miles underwater despite the sea titanic everywhere .
no film , no hd , just reality .
it was totally me .
it was given us a lot of preparation , we had to build cameras and light and all these things .
but i was struck , how much this dive with this dive , these depth sheets , a developmental mission .
i think that &apos;s a terrible technical thing that was developed .
slam will jump you into the cockpit , put you into a household environment where no hope no hope to save unless you make yourself away .
and i thought , &quot; well , you know . we &apos;ll get stuck in science doing science .
and this is pretty cool . &quot;
in the deep oceans , i would immediately explore about a toe .
of course , they were curiosity , and the scientist was about everything . it was the adventure ; it was curiosity ; it was imagination .
it was a experience that i couldn &apos;t get in a hollywood table .
i can just imagine the creature and we can create it , but i could never get to see what i saw through the window .
as we did other expeditions , i &apos;ve been able to see a creatures in communities and sometimes also the things i had before ever ever seen before , even the other one that had ever seen before , actually even the years before we watched them and drew them .
it was totally very frightening to me , and i wanted to do more .
so i made a pretty odd decision .
after the invention of &quot; the titanic , i said , &quot; well , just just to just put my work of the gifted filmmaker and for a while for a while for a full-time period . &quot;
we &apos;ve started plan to plan .
i went down to the cultivation of horses and explored this as robots .
we went back to the prior titanic community .
we &apos;ve taken ourselves with a little bunch of robots with this optical fibers .
a plan is to get inside and map a interior aircraft , which no one never did before .
no one had looked in hiding in a stent . they weren &apos;t necessary , and so we made technology that explained it .
so i &apos;m on the titanic , i see the titanic , and i see the results , i see the band in which i had played a band .
a little robot off the corridors of the boat .
it would want to say that control mattered , but i , in my thoughts .
i felt like i was really the titanic myself .
it &apos;s a kind of a perversion kind of aircraft walking , which i had before , because i knew what it was , it was even where i spent months between the road , and the lighting that revealed .
it was exact print of third-world trucks .
so that was an absolutely remarkable experience .
and i just realized that , in that particular occasion , i just realized the possibility of this initial generosity within its own fingers , which , you place which , you put it into a different form of existence .
it was a very powerful experience .
and maybe even a little curious to what we can expect for a decade later and we have a good quality for the polls and the other activity in many , say , a fixed pattern that is a fan a fan which can imagine math .
after i could have formed these expeditions i started reacting to what &apos;s got in dna , maybe in the deep oceans , where these amazing animals live , they &apos;re actually known for the earth .
they live in a eyelash hostile .
they cannot survive in the sun , in the environment that is own .
and next side , you see the creatures that live directly across 500 degrees of plastic algae .
you think they &apos;re just unable to exist .
and i also became very interested in science about the universe , again , just the impact of science in my childhood .
and it ended up with a whole space of community affairs , it really got nasa , i sat in the nasa committee of nasa , was working in the nasa committee of nasa , was working to russia , to b.c. , to b.c. , to fall into the international climate systems .
it was fascinating .
but i also did , and then , you could start to tear the space which supremely mattered to the boat .
no , planetary scientist , people who have studied and interested is such sort of a form of extreme conditions , i took down the route , and take some samples , to go and take some samples , go and take some samples , and so forth .
so we recorded documentary films but actually doing science research , research research .
the circle between what i &apos;m a little boy of seeing science fiction predicted , and what i do in fact was shut .
you know , on this journey , i learned a lot .
i &apos;ve learned a lot about science . i &apos;ve learned a lot of leadership ; i learned a lot about leadership .
you think of your leaders , you think of the leader , captain squared or something , and i &apos;m about the leadership which is about the leading self about the leading self . about the leadership which is about the leading self about the leading self about the leading self about the leading self about the leading self about the leading self about the leading self about the leading self about the leading self about the leading self about the leading self about the leading self about the leading self about the leading self about the leading self about
i was really much taller in doing these expeditions until i &apos;ve separated these expeditions .
because at one point , i had to say , &quot; what do i do ?
why am i doing that ? what am i going to have ? &quot;
this bell lasted something to swirl in ,
we even have a little technical . you even fame .
people thought that in the middle &quot; rescue &quot; and &quot; vadasabi &quot; i may some black toenails somewhere on a beach .
i &apos;ve recorded these movies , documentary images for a very narrow audience .
no glory , isn &apos;t or money . what do you do ?
you do this for the work itself , for the challenge of the challenge -- and the ocean is one of the most challenging of nature that is going to be , you do it for the excitement of the people , and for the peculiar kind of connection that is going to be a solid team .
because we were walking in the 10 -- 12 people for a few years of now -- we were arrested at the sea of two -- three months .
and in this connection , you realize that the most important thing is a respect that people in favor and who behave for you that you can do something that overreact to someone else &apos;s understanding .
if you go to land and you &apos;re saying , &quot; we &apos;ve had to do this and the optical fibers and the cable and those and the actual technology and kept working on the ocean of the public level of a bunch of people who had gone through something that could know the other one of the other things that they know , that all of the other to explain .
to make the connection , the connection is respect .
so i went back to my next film , which was &quot; avatar &quot; , &quot; i was trying to apply the same way of leadership , and they overreact to you .
and that really changed the dynamic of our cooperation .
and again , i was with a small team in irish waters , called &quot; avatar , &quot; built new technology that didn &apos;t exist until that time .
amazingly exciting .
amazingly difficult .
it became home , for the four and a half years .
and that changed the way i make movies .
people will tell me , as i &apos;m , you know , how i took organisms from the ocean and put them on the planet of rightness .
for me , this was about a big way to make business , the process , the process that changed .
what &apos;s the deal of this thing ?
what could we learn about this ?
i think the number one is curiosity .
it &apos;s the most powerful thing you have .
the imagination is a force that can be displayed in reality .
and the respect of your team is much more important than any value in the world .
and i met with young artists who came to me and said , &quot; give me some advice of how to regard me . &quot;
i said , &quot; we &apos;ll never survive any limitations .
you do the other , you don &apos;t have to do it ; there &apos;s no reason to plant ; and they &apos;re not supposed to . &quot;
nasa &apos;s got this saying in a way : &quot; failure is not possible . &quot;
but in art , you have to have an opportunity to fail , because you know a lot you get .
and no important effort that requires innovation , overreact will make without risk-taking .
you have to be willing to have that risk of going .
so the idea that leave you , whether you do anything , is possible , but not to worry . thank you .
i &apos;d like to share with you the discovery that i made a few months ago when i was writing an article on wired wired wired to write a paper on my restaurant placed when i was written on my laundry to wired at wired wired to write a plate on my gapminder website to gapminder a box to wired on my lab in wired to her novel on my gapminder thesis to gapminder a box to wired on my lab to wired a plate to my restaurant wired to write a wooden year-old story when i was written on
whenever i do something , i still have my hands in the hands of a waiting vocabulary , but when i finished writing that paper was not supposed to aged &quot; unable to see what he means .
let me read by his definition which mattered the definition which bio-mimicry me by definition which fuji i can read the definition which mattered the definition which bio-mimicry me which bio-mimicry you would read me by his definition which bio-mimicry me which bio-mimicry you bio-mimicry you let me read his definition which mattered the definition which bio-mimicry me which bio-mimicry you bio-mimicry you let me read his definition which mattered the definition which i &apos;m going to read me by saying the definition which mattered to me which explains his definition which mattered to me which explains his definition which
&quot; unable , &quot; fair supposed , &quot; nada , lesbian , comedian , broken , dances , goats , goats , shouting , washing by buffalo , yelling , violated , wash , no maintenance and poor and poor .
be , healthy , strong , capable . &quot;
when i read this piece my friend my friend , early at first , was so ridiculous , but when i had gotten a lot of my 20s , i had to take the voice , and the impact that was been shocked to me and the impact that was shocked to me .
you know , in fact , that &apos;s the old person , the old vocabulary . i thought that had had to be a great case anymore .
but in fact , it was the dictionary &apos;s hardest burrow , high-power the time i started full school , in the time that i got to understand the world around me , outside the family and the world around me to make for another child and the world around me .
and the needless to say , i &apos;m not grateful for god , i &apos;m going to be a pastor .
i think that , from the definition , that one would seem to be the world that i was born to see someone like myself to see someone else , and i was in trouble with the opportunity for the opportunity and the adventure i ever happened in my lifetime .
so immediately i immediately went to search which supremely mattered from 2009 , and i would decide that to find a revision for third-world month-olds .
here &apos;s the funniest version of that definition .
unfortunately , it &apos;s not much better .
and the last two words of themselves like &quot; close hither &quot; are particularly sharp , &quot; cumulative , prosperous &quot; and &quot; useful . &quot;
so that &apos;s not just words .
it &apos;s what we think about these people who don &apos;t have these words .
this is about values that underlying the barrier , and the way we define these values .
because our language has shown our minds and how we perceive the world and how we perceive other people .
in fact , many of the companies , including the greeks and questioning who had been around as a non-verbal conceit because she was so powerful because she was giving a thing in the time -- to be made in existence .
so what &apos;s the reality that we want to get to existence , we want a person that is curable or person who is programmed and valued ?
by doing something so simple , like a singular person , we can even implant rats even certified skills and they mapped their own capabilities .
we don &apos;t want it to better the way and open them the door ?
one of third-world people who opened his door was my juvenile doctor in the dean &apos;s church , the veterinarian .
his name is dr. lene ; his name was probably too hard to say to most americans , so they don &apos;t look so hard to call a doctor as well .
and this example is always with a colored dolphin , and it was really ideal skills for work with kids .
i had like almost everything that i spent in the hospital , except the exceptions to spend time in the hospital , except the exceptions to be hours to test .
i had to do things that was kind of embarrassing , same thing with these silly , fuzzy pomp -- and i was killing them with the muscles of the chicken , and i &apos;m a d kid to help me too -- i just got them too .
and you know , as a five-year-old &apos;s five year-old , i began to see a doctor &apos;s doctor and was killed out of these exercises , of course i wasn &apos;t successful .
and one day came to me while i practiced -- exhausting and available and available for this hour -- but he said to me , &quot; wow , aimee , you &apos;re gonna think , you &apos;re pretty powerful and able to say that to us , one of those founders .
and then you can do this , so you &apos;ll give you a hundred dollars . &quot;
of course it was simply an easy trick from a doctor &apos;s job to do this practice that i didn &apos;t want to do before you do this practice that i didn &apos;t want to do before you had an awful new child at the other floor , but what he really did for me was that you didn &apos;t have an awful lot of time to do new things .
and so i need it to focus up to what , to the extent , when he was called a powerful , powerful young girl , created my own view of myself as a really powerful , powerful , powerful and credit person good for the future .
this is an example of how adults can flow out the power of child &apos;s power the power of child can occur ,
but in previous examples of the kind of mean that our language of shifting language , we have to change the reality that we would all want , which we all wanted , or the ability to see the same as , as well as possible .
our language of shifting changes in our society , whose most was made through technology .
certainly , from the medical perspective , my legs , the laser operation for an aging socket , and a boundless biologic operation for an aging body , all sorts of squawking for an aging body , all sorts which gave them an inner message to the aging people , and that &apos;s not how they can go to groups for groups that they can uncover and have .
so now , we may learn of technology better what it was always true and really powerful that each individual has something wrong and is very powerful that the human ability to adapt is something greater and really that the human ability to adapt is our biggest benefit .
human ability of making them become more compassionate , because people are still more exposed to me to talk about overcoming and loneliness , and so they were not writing for me , and i thought to myself , this phrase told me to never understand what , and i think i &apos;m beginning to understand why .
he said from this phrase about overcoming events which , no success or happiness is about to get the drug of our success to be injured or do that , high-power other people experience as well from life to get to not achieve , or not that other people will see as well .
but the fact is that we &apos;re not being recorded . we &apos;re of course not have this experience , whether physical or physical or both .
and i &apos;d like to say that that way mattered to that kind of way .
disaster is not a problem that we had somehow avoid to get a new life .
it &apos;s part of our lifetime .
he love the way the shadow is my shadow .
sometimes i see a lot , sometimes , very little , but it &apos;s always been me .
and now , it doesn &apos;t really matter to its weight and its weight preventing human distress .
there &apos;s an awful lot of difference in life and different life challenges , and it &apos;s really very subtle and it &apos;s related to each person , and it &apos;s not about whether you encounter this evil , or not knowing how to do this kind of difference .
so , our responsibility is not just saving the people that we like to enjoy most harm , but important is cook for the good answer .
and we often will bring to our children when we know that they &apos;re not enough for us to have adapted to them .
this is an important difference and an actual difference between the objective medical reality that i was , by interpreting and not from human society -- and that &apos;s not &quot; disabled , &quot; not able . &quot;
and in fact , the only real reality , that the only evidence that i had to decide is that the world could think of me and describe the world as well as described as the world as the alarm flows .
in our desire to protect them , the way we will tell them and the cruel truth about their health state , or predict about their health quality , we have to make sure that we are not those who will give the first dive in building the foods , and have to difference for someone .
maybe , as a way of looking at what &apos;s been brought into , and how we could fix it , it &apos;s more profitable for the very popular individual than pathology as as pathology .
by getting people as if you don &apos;t have people and by seeing people and what we can &apos;t see and the most hopeful problem for the most common problem for the top that they can have .
so overreact is , high-power someone &apos;s prize that can have for our society .
we have to go to and see a huge scale of human capacity into this remote scale .
and what &apos;s the most important -- there &apos;s a partnership between those who are perceived to their flaws and our biggest creative abilities .
so it &apos;s not about the delivery or failing of these heavy days as something that we want to avoid as a carpet , but instead of , we are encouraged to find the possibilities that are hide in the weapon .
so maybe what i mean is that it &apos;s not such much about copyright pain , as much about our open food , and if you open it up to the first time if i open up the word for the day , maybe even if we do get it .
and so maybe when you see unhappiness , they mean , collectively and engaging so much the comfortable impression of the presence .
and this year we celebrate the mystery of charles darwin , and it was about 150 years ago when he wrote about evolution , and he showed what in my mind , is true about human nature .
to make this happen , it &apos;s not the most powerful kind that can survive , nor is the most conspicuous that can survive , but it &apos;s the one that can adjust best .
the clash is beginning .
from darwin &apos;s work , outside other , we can judge that gene survive and restore them to the fight of human spirit through a certain transformation .
so one is the defining and adaptation , high-power cause and adaptation of our biggest capacity .
and it &apos;s maybe like we didn &apos;t know before we didn &apos;t know what we &apos;re supposed to do .
maybe that &apos;s what unhappiness is , the sense that we are , and the feeling of our own forces .
so we can give this gift as a gift .
can imagine disaster as something more than time for times a time period than it is ,
maybe we can see that as change .
disaster is only change we &apos;ve got to do yet .
i think the biggest catastrophe that we created is priceless .
so who is normal ?
there is no normal normal .
there &apos;s common , there &apos;s no typical , but there &apos;s no normal , and you &apos;d like to meet with this kind of snake , most specific person if there was ?
i don &apos;t think .
if we could change the approach that we will want to achieve is that we will have a choice , or even the potential -- to make it possible so many kids , and we can bring them to the power so much of a lot of kids , and we can bring them to the community .
now anthropologists have finished one thing , and that supremely means that we have people always insisting on the members of our communities to be honest and to be able to contribute somehow to it .
they &apos;re evidence that the neanderthals were ever picked the person and also those who had some serious physical injuries , and maybe in this life of life , of those survivors of survivors which gave us a compliment to one more value for our community .
because they didn &apos;t see these people like ariel and useless ; they looked at them as they looked at predators and they don &apos;t smell people .
a few years ago , i was on marketplace a few years ago where i grew up in the red zone in northern township , and i stood there for a lot of water .
it was summer , and i was supposed to get myself on it .
and then i heard a guy on this guy who said , &quot; so if this is not aimee mullins . &quot;
and as i turned around , i saw the most my man but i knew who supremely was .
and i said , &quot; sorry sir , we met myself before , i had to meet . &quot;
he said , &quot; you know , you couldn &apos;t even remember me .
because we met , it was when we met from the nazis when you were made from a vietnamese socket . &quot;
and that guy .
but actually it &apos;s not going to happen .
and it was a doctor of seizing , a man who supremely knew the most needed stories of that day , because , for me , i &apos;m not involved in the process of two weeks .
so the man kept off his training doctor , and the man who suffered for me was in , was in fact a new person .
and as i was born without my head , i was holding foot my feet inside and also some of my hands in this weird and other fingers in this same thing , and the next few fingers in it had to be a bad message to me .
he told me , &quot; i told my parents , had to give me a fatal , that you never will ever walk , and that never will be able to figure out what a smile have had , and since then you &apos;re a lonely liar . &quot;
this particular thing was when he told me that he was following his newspaper everywhere , as long as the second place in my entire childhood , to scotland that was in the second place to settle down against the soviet union , and they know , by the time the teachers &apos; school school was used by medical school and medical medical school .
and he called this part of the talk : rather than x fitness , of human will .
no single opposition to being able to answer a greater greater quality quality thing in the quality of life .
and the doctor didn &apos;t start and said , &quot; from my own experience , it &apos;ll only be said , and even if he gets a sense of support , and when the left is fixed to keep your own sources , the baby gets stuck . &quot;
you see , the doctor didn &apos;t invent a change in thinking .
he understood that it was a difference between the medical condition and what that person does .
and as the real change in my thinking , of the moment , if you were asked to me , if you were 15 , i would be 15 to my body and bone with my feet , i wouldn &apos;t even even ride on a second .
i &apos;m a bit after this is how normal , you know .
and if you ask me for a while , i &apos;m not so sure .
and that &apos;s because of the most fragile you i have with them in spite of the experience and experiences that i had .
and maybe this change in me became more because i had to put more people who helped me open the door than those who would support me and not abused .
you see , everything you need is one person to show you the clues and beauty of your own force , and you drive .
if you can tell somebody to tell the ultimate key of their strength , the human spirit , high-power you as if you can do that , you can make the door and make a deceased kid in the middle .
you &apos;re teaching them to open the door for yourself .
in fact , the exact meaning of choice is in the root of the root word &quot; develop , &quot; they will figure , &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; means , &quot; &quot; pass that thing in fact , &quot; &quot; to derive , &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; means , &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; meaning &quot; reality of word education &quot; from the root , &quot; they take to stop . &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; means , &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; means , &quot; &quot; recognizing of
and that means to bring light to light that is hidden and to lead our potential .
so again , what potential is we going to show ?
it was the volcanic 2000s in the 1960s , in the u.k. , when students were built from mississippi to pretty high schools .
this is a decimal process of war . here &apos;s what we call &quot; mathemagics . &quot;
and this is a hallucination from students from java , shouting , chip , etc .
and you get harder to advance design , and the best teachers so ,
and they took them in the period of three months of broadband , and they gave them ones , they told them they were ignorant and they &apos;re great . and at the end of the period of the three months they actually worked as a result .
and of course , the overwhelming side page was that that studies were taking before and told them they were unimportant .
and then that happened on the end of the three-month-old any three-month-old period -- they started a lot .
and they were the ones who were not working in school and not yet .
the key part of this study was that the teachers were unimportant .
because they didn &apos;t know that was done .
they were simply told that these are volcanic animals , and those are being filmed , and that was a way to make them and how they were trained .
so , i think the only one , the real failure is destroyed a spirit , a spirit that was chopped and no hope to have its beauty , the one that doesn &apos;t have its own nature , the child curiosity and our face of mind .
so if we could have allowed to reinforce the human spirit that he has hope and to see beauty in people and their environment to be curious and could have taken the beauty in people , and then we could make the imagination , we could actually use our very good .
when the spirit of these traits we &apos;re able to generate new things and new ways of being .
i &apos;d like to communicate my poem from the king from the university of biotechnology , a major case i told my friend jacques rogge  &quot; every child who told me about the four words , &quot; no god who knows only four words , and the constantly god is tweeting , right , you &apos;re going to come up with me and mate with me . &quot; fuji , which is telling me to meet with me . &quot; fuji , you don &apos;t know -- and i will come with me &quot; mate which &quot; is written
come and come up with me . thank you .
i &apos;m going to talk today about energy and climate .
and it might be a little surprising because my full time at the foundation is the most part of vaccines and adopted , the things that we have to think about and make us help the poorest two billion live better .
but energy and climate are incredibly important for these people , actually more important than others on this planet .
the climate state will worse , they collapse in a few years , they will not be much rain , or less , it will change things , or too little , that will change things that their fragile ecosystem won &apos;t accept .
and that &apos;s lead to hunger . it leads to uncertainty and to crunch .
so the climate change is very heavy for them .
also the energy price is also important for them .
if you were to pick the only thing and reduce its price to reduce poverty , much first place to reduce poverty , much first place is energy .
costs spread over time over time .
the advanced civilization is based on progress in getting energy .
i mean , the revolutions revolution , we even saw the early stickers die of the electricity , and that &apos;s why we have refrigerator , air , and we can make many modern materials and we can make many other materials .
so the situation is really , in the rich part of the world &apos;s most good .
but as the price is reduced -- and let &apos;s cut it down -- let &apos;s take a number of u.s. limitations , and that constraints has to do with co2 , and that constraints has to do with co2 .
co2 makes it it and equation on the computation of co2 is pretty straightforward .
so we cut co2 which we are coming to , leads to a rise of temperature , and increase the temperature with other negative figures -- for example , to change the outcomes that natural ecosystems cannot adapt , and perhaps worse , to explore what natural ecosystems can &apos;t adapt , and maybe they won &apos;t achieve ,
today , we have a quite accurate way of quantify from a nonprofit fat and then getting positive feedback -- there is a bit of uncertainty , but not too much .
but the uncertainty certainly occurs about the gravity of these effects . we know it will be extremely bad .
and i asked this best thing : &quot; do we really need to get down to just zero to zero ?
isn &apos;t we just giving away a half or a quarter ? &quot;
and the answer to that was that until they get almost zero , the temperature planet will be next to go up .
and that &apos;s a ridiculous big challenge .
it &apos;s a different thing than trying to try with a diver executive with a bridge bridge where you just can and try something out there .
this is something where you have to get to zero .
we are putting a large amount of co2 , a total over 26 billion tons .
we have about 20 tons . high-power people in the poor country , high-power poor countries , less than one dog .
on average , about five tons of planet per planet .
and we kind of have to change that way to go to zero .
it starts coming down .
and some economic change mattered a bit of a radical shift in reducing both of the reduction in the reduction , and then to go to zero .
equations for four things , it &apos;s a linear equation . on the left side is co2 that &apos;s going to get to cut away from zero -- co2 is feeding on the planet , then by using the amount of energy to take over this planet , and then the carbon on getting this energy .
so , let &apos;s look at each parts and try to think about how to finish for a zero point .
it &apos;s likely to be a eyelash in an order that one of the members would zero .
we &apos;re about in algebra 6 . so let &apos;s see let &apos;s see , look , look so choked at average -- so , let &apos;s see , okay , check -- check that we see -- so we look at , okay , check -- check that we see -- so we can see , okay , check -- check that we see -- so let &apos;s see , okay , check -- check that happen which is , right , check : so -- check that happen which is , right , check : so -- check
first of all , population .
today , there are 6.8 billion people in the world .
and that picks up about nine billion .
when we have to develop new vaccines , more for medical or reproductive health or reproductive care , we might be number 10 to 15 percent , but even that is a factor of increase .
the other thing is the services we use .
this includes everything : food we eat , clothing , tv , chatting .
and it &apos;s good things , and the battle against poverty means that we give these services to almost everybody on this planet .
and it &apos;s going to be great if that number is going to be called .
in wealthy parts , that includes about billion people , we could pull out and enjoy less , but every year , that number rise as a average rate of , that in a five-minute look , a lot of carbon .
here &apos;s an example very basic services : you have the light to read your homework , ok ?
but these kids don &apos;t have it , so they go outside on the street under a lamp and say it figures out there .
now it &apos;s efficiency , or , to e , energy -- high-power power -- here comes some good news .
because we have the first something that was broken .
thank you so various square , a new visionary system of light , other polio cars , modern laptop built home , is lots of services required they couldn quite dramatically .
in some , 90 percent .
there are other services , like the building fertilizers in which much less space to optimize .
so if we &apos;re a very optimistic , we actually increase the reduction from reducing the reduction in the limits .
so now the first three parts of the equation will be , to , of 26 billion tons of over 13 billion , but it &apos;s not zero .
so let &apos;s look at the fourth thing that is key for us , and that is the amount of co2 per capita energy .
the question is , &quot; can we get him to cut it up ? &quot;
if we keep burning coal , not so .
and it &apos;s no big gas which mattered , and in there .
almost every current way of making electricity is given by renewables , with terminal resources , to form co2 .
we will have to build a whole new system .
and we need energy miracles .
but watch bad , if i call the wonder , i don &apos;t mean something impossible .
now , the mystery is a miracle , personal computer is also a miracle .
the internet and his services are wonder .
so people have created a lot of wonder .
usually , we have no caretaking , so we &apos;re not trying to listen to the term into a philosophy .
mostly overreact to them and some are not .
but this is the case where we have actually a new force and to get a miracle in a minute of time .
i was born above what i &apos;d put to put it .
there &apos;s some natural demonstration , some demonstrations that would see in the present today ?
and i remembered , as i took a mosquito back , and the audience would very very good at doing it .
it &apos;s actually a vision of the idea that , you know , there are people who live with mosquito mosquito .
so , just as it &apos;s energy , i just could come up , it &apos;s this
i decided to shoot fireflies like the lifeblood which i decided for not an environmentally friendly culture .
so , please , here , we have a living fireflies .
i was told that they &apos;re not breathing , and maybe even more did .
you see , there &apos;s a lot of progress on this , as well , but actually most of it .
we need solutions , either one or giant dimensions , and the incredible reliability , and despite the species that supremely human beings at the moment , i actually see really five that they can bring a big change .
we mourn third-world , the geothermal , fusion waste and pepper .
they can contribute , and if that result will be better than i do , you know , we need to work on all of the single options , and we can &apos;t stop using those of all the parts , and we can &apos;t stop that because they didn &apos;t look like they were made with big challenges .
let &apos;s look at you at the beginning fossil fuels , whether coal or natural gas .
what we have to do here is it seems very simple , but we have to take all the co2 set up or gas , you don &apos;t have to use it , and you hope to store it .
we have some newer projects that they can only do with 60 percent of the people who can get over to 100 percent of the people , but to get over a 100 percent point to where you will put the amount of co2 to the future .
who &apos;s going to vote for safety ?
who makes something like a billion or more greater than any other waste , you can think of nuclear waste ?
and that &apos;s what huge of that risk of volume in this huge risk of volume in this huge volume in this effect about that big influence in that big act of volume in this huge volume in effect about this huge volume in that risk of landmines -- bio-mimicry in fact about big influence in that big act of volume in this huge volume in this effect about that big influence in that large configuration -- that &apos;s happening in that large risk of volume in this huge volume of influence in that large configuration -- that &apos;s happening
there is a catch .
another source is core .
that &apos;s also three big problems , the cost , mostly in highly metropolitan countries , is big . the security and forces that you don &apos;t have to have kind of error yet , or maybe that &apos;s the order of human choice .
then , what are you going to do to waste ?
it &apos;s not much of third-world things in there , and yet there &apos;s so much fears .
people need to get a safety feeling .
these are three big problems that are being done , and therefore we should have continued to keep doing their solutions .
the last three of the foreseeable five sources are surfing --
it &apos;s the source of people often define as renewable .
and they just -- they don &apos;t use fossil fuels -- it &apos;s also a few drawbacks .
the first is that density rate perfectly is dramatically lower than power clip-on power .
so you have to build energy farms , and that means big surfaces , more efficient than you can imagine in normal power .
it &apos;s also the resources variation .
the sun picks the day , and the sun doesn &apos;t even travel everyday , and the wind applies constantly .
so if you &apos;re working on that resource , you have to think where to gain energy in place when these are not accessible .
they &apos;re going overreact for those countries , like the cost of transmission . let &apos;s say that the source is outside of your country , and you need to make technology , but you need to make the victory , but you have to make the victory along the value area .
and it also clicks the store .
and to illustrate the size of the battery , i &apos;ve gone through all kinds of batteries that are being used for cars , computers , phones , whatever supremely made the battery that they spend on the world , and i found that all made the energy you use in the world for less than 10 minutes to make energy .
so , in fact , we need a big innovation , something that will be better better than the ease we have today .
it &apos;s not impossible , but it &apos;s not easy .
problems of identifying sources that shows you , if you try to meet about 20 to 30 percent of our needs .
but if you want to make a part which is 100 percent , you have to really grow up .
so how do we move from this from this move : what is the right strategy ?
is it a project manhattan ? what is the thing that gets us to the goal ?
we need , especially for hundreds of companies .
and in each of these five possible ways which supremely mattered then .
many things will be done from being crazy , but that &apos;s good .
to my next group , there &apos;s a lot of people who are quest for this .
bill gross has a few companies , one of them called the cochlea , and the own wonderful computer technology .
therapists troops invests into dozens of companies who have wonderful results and interesting possibilities of development , and i try to support them .
and so with the foundation , with the foundation behind the company , maybe surprisingly , by a nuclear camera .
there &apos;s a couple of innovations in the roots : modular or water reactors .
but the industry in this industry has stopped , so it &apos;s not so surprising that it &apos;s actually been so surprising to find a few very interesting ideas .
for example , the idea of company is 95 which fact it &apos;s burning the fact that it &apos;s only one percent in nature make out of fact , to get the uranium 99 percent .
it &apos;s a very crazy idea .
actually overreact for us , people speak very long , but never did any good i know if it could work ; now we can contemplate our early identities , and we can simulate everything and we see that it might look like it .
because by doing the other 99 percent , we &apos;re going to get the most sustainable factor factor .
we actually can &apos;t be folding waste ; we can really use the fuel of all our current waste today .
instead of being aware of the domain of skin it just simply ; that &apos;s a good thing .
the reactor burns : it works a little bit like a bracket .
here you &apos;ve been seeing that data over something that also called a chess message .
the fuel clip-on use actually helps us .
i have an impression of , in kentucky .
this is trash , the 99 percent , from which they &apos;ve already taken away that they can burn , so this is called obsidian .
this is actually going to make up the united hundreds of years .
and another simple and exotic restorative sea , we would have enough spread to the rest of the planet &apos;s entire planet .
so , you see , there &apos;s a lot of work in front of us , and this is only one of many hundreds of ideas that we need forward .
let &apos;s think about how we &apos;re going to measure our success .
what should our einsteins look like ?
so we don &apos;t bring out where we need to get , and then look at the objective goal .
by 2050 you &apos;ve heard a lot of people like 80 percent reduction in terms of 80 percent reduction .
it &apos;s extremely important so supremely to get there .
20 percent of co2 will produced to the poor countries , for example , to build -- hopefully we will have a neutral therapeutic or a low-carbon disease .
so to get over 80 percent in the developed world , including china , we &apos;ll have to go to a completely different source of electrical power .
the next question is , these sources of energy with no carbon emissions , and we won &apos;t use all the developed countries , and whether we try to pass the community and elsewhere in the world .
it &apos;s fundamentally important .
that &apos;s one key elements in our editorial capacities .
so , with the reason , what should it look like by 2020 ?
so again , it should be both of those parts .
we should have a plan for being healthy and start going down , the less likely to produce , the less likely co2 , and the less likely to produce a smaller temperature .
but in the way , the speed that you get there will do , doing things that you &apos;ve been going overreact , which is just the same , maybe less important than it comes to other , which is a significant innovation in these innovations .
we have to make these breakthroughs at full speed , and it can be measured by number companies , advanced projects and actuators that govern changing changes .
a lot of great books on the market is this topic .
the book is not to be said &quot; or &quot; &quot; glorious energy &quot; by sustainable air without warmer air . &quot;
these people have an actual tough background for a second wide discussion , because the underpinning of public public is what we need .
it &apos;s many of us that we have to go to .
so this is wish .
very specific wishes , to actually have this technology .
if i could just wish for the next 50 years , for example , to pick the president , pick the vaccine , which would make a vaccine , and you decide the system that will help cost the cost of half to the co2 , is this one that i would choose .
because this is the biggest footprint with the biggest footprint .
if they won &apos;t come true , it will be a gap between people who care and in short , terrible big enough between the u.s which will be dramatically worse and china between the poor and the most common nation between these two billion poor poor will be dramatic .
so what have we to do ?
so what do you get here to go forward ?
we need more resources to research .
if there &apos;s a country at conferences like , like example , we shouldn &apos;t talk just co2 .
and so they &apos;d have to address a particular program of innovation , maybe you would find a horrible little money to the research of these innovations .
we need motivation for markets , the taxes of co2 , its limitations and trade with longevity , therefore something that &apos;s going to be done .
we need to expand this message .
and we need priceless and discussed tools and nurture in those things that entrepreneurs are .
this is very important , but i think it &apos;s absolutely true .
thank you .
thank you .
thank because bill , thank because .
thank you . just for the right understanding of seizing , of the good , what &apos;s the size of we &apos;re talking about here ?
bill gates : well the software , buying software , buying , and the rest of all able to human scientists , and we &apos;ve been going to test materials , and we &apos;ve been going to test materials in one of our new industries to make sure that materials work without problems , we &apos;ll have , hundreds of millions of dollars .
overreact to the test crisis , which represents a mass of a billion , finding momentum and places that build it .
and it will be the first insignia which happens as we predicted how we predicted , the situation is clear , because necessary and energy performance are very different from the nucleus what we know now .
so if i understand that right , this is going to be the reactor of the size , like a vertical tunnel full of nuclear fuels , filled this vase of toasty , and then , this process of distraction and will continue down ?
yes , we have the same . we have to employ the reactors , so we have a lot of people around and large risk of failure in situations that we have to open up a reactor and exported and killing high-power fuel . not good .
so if it &apos;s very cheesy fuel that you can see in a lifetime over 60 years -- you just want this one as a piece of cake -- you just will have it so much complexity .
she &apos;s going to sit there and go down next 60 years , and that &apos;s what it &apos;s done .
so such a nuclear plant , which is with its own waste .
yes , you can actually get the waste to keep , high-power end of print , just less , and then you can take away and leave you with some more reactor reactor .
and we want to start by taking the exact waste first , which is , in the same associations , which is priceless , or specialized in corporate habitats within those lines , which is the fuel that we want to start .
so what &apos;s problematic for today , is it &apos;s actually where we start , if we start with , if we get there , we will reduce dramatically the amount of waste .
all over the world , you &apos;re going ,
where is the largest interest in technology in a one-to-one role ?
we have to put a particular place on the vertical information , and there &apos;s plenty of limited there about leaking information about something , but i can say there &apos;s a lot of interest in the society , in india , and i could talk about how it fits to the government of the energy program .
so i &apos;m an optimist . you know , french and japanese and japanese have already been some results .
come from something that was already done before .
it &apos;s an important development , but it &apos;s like a fast square pile , and they &apos;ve been built a lot of countries with this experience , so every fact that , with the experience , there &apos;s terrible be terrible .
so what &apos;s the point of the axis of the answer and the probability that this starts really work ?
this is what we need , a very powerful source of electrical power that &apos;s very cheap , and we have 20 years to try and build a traffic program .
that &apos;s the time that according to the models development environment we have about a small possibility of the environment .
if you can do things like , that &apos;s what &apos;s really a great wish , would indeed have this myth to overlook this guy .
but fortunately it &apos;s been produced by decades , we need to have some hundreds of companies to have been given by the other hundred , and they will now deliver their funding by independent factories , they will now deliver this auditorium .
and it &apos;s probably best to be stable because then we can combine multiple things .
we certainly need at least one success .
on the scale of scale , this is the most great you know about , is this one you know ?
the importance mattered in energy .
it would be a consumed major , proper limitations , but the questions makes it even more important .
there &apos;s more innovators in nuclear data .
well , you know , i don &apos;t know the work as i know for example , for example , but people have a whole different approach .
so for example , the reactor of liquid type , something which is a puzzle for us , but maybe it might say things about us .
and so there are different kinds of hurdles , but the beauty of shame is about the fact that has a million energy a million times more energy than you can do to earth , and you &apos;re just going to make the coal look at the ground and other things it &apos;s almost a day of greater value .
if it &apos;s not working , then what ?
should we start to solve some intriguing plans to keep the earth stable ?
if we get into this situation , it &apos;s something like you &apos;re not supposed to do , and now you &apos;re probably going . what will you need ? we probably need our heart of records in overreact .
there &apos;s a direction of research which is called the lexington zen technique , and then there &apos;s all kinds of technologies that i can bring for , 20 to 30 years for all of us .
but i point to you , that &apos;s just a fluoroscopy .
we &apos;ll hope it won &apos;t need a need .
some people even say that , not to work at this shouldn &apos;t work , because we can get a privilege and keep trying to the rest to the time because we know that surgery will save us .
but i &apos;m not sure it &apos;s wise , and it &apos;s given a perfect problem , but at the moment , i &apos;m talking about vaginas and whether we had to have trouble about it , that things will happen to be a lot more exciting than we expect .
skeptics climate change : if you could say this phrase to two , as you can make them out for the wrong side ?
unfortunately , there are multiple skeptics of multiple ideas .
in fact , those who are arguing about science is very few .
they say there &apos;s also effect by the negative feedback loops of the clouds of things ?
and there &apos;s very , very few angles that can use , there &apos;s a very small probability of what they &apos;re arguing about .
the problem we have with aids is a bunch of aids problems .
you &apos;ve got a mistake right now , but you &apos;re not going for a lot later .
we have a lot of trouble solving , and this idea is not the case which is probably impossible now , in fact , by the media of the ipcc -- it &apos;s really the most obvious fact to us , and in fact , by the opinion of the ipcc , we have very many people living in the world , and they say that it &apos;s not the big problem .
but it &apos;s the fact that the uncertainty of third-world is what supremely is supposed to make us move .
i have a dream that if the system has broken the co2 , and they &apos;ll say to the skeptics , then the skeptics will say , &quot; well , you know , it doesn &apos;t make co2 , and you &apos;ll just want the co2 to do that before . &quot;
so this is your answer to the argument that matters , that when all bets on us set against the co2 , will not create all other goals , like the investment of the poverty of poverty , and that &apos;s the investment of the political waste for the same .
well , they own the cost for research and development -- say that countries should spend about 10 billion per year before , in one -- they &apos;re not dramatic .
they wouldn &apos;t go to the expense which mattered to other things .
so when i wanted to suggest to money -- and some people will agree -- where something is fake , and you want to prefer to forgive me , that &apos;s where the waste is , in my own level , waste .
if you &apos;re not very close and close by experience that it will be very cheap , i believe that we need to try multiple things to be the potential of being a lot cheaper .
if you do that and you have to make energy very hard , then they can afford it just .
i don &apos;t think any of us in this room have trouble paying attention , and yet they had to change a dramatic shift of lifestyle .
but for those two billion of others , it would be disaster .
and even a little bit of a changed .
and his piece is about why it &apos;s not research and development is more compassionate .
and still , because of his formidable actions , i was involved with the promise of skeptics , but what they &apos;re unaware of is going to be there , he &apos;s trying to deal on doing research and development .
and so he got to point in one that i think is .
the way the research clip-on field is funded , is by crazy .
right bill , i believe , i believe i &apos;m going to be reaching for most people in the room when i say i &apos;m very excited to be hit . thank you very much .
thank you .
and everybody &apos;s talking about happiness in the last time .
i &apos;ve left any other possible work about the last five years of books with &quot; happiness . &quot; notice a lot more about 40 , and there &apos;s a lot more about 40 .
it &apos;s found a huge wave of interest in happiness and between scientists .
so they &apos;re not disturbed ; high-power supremely luck .
they all wanted to make other happy choices .
but despite the many of the smart efforts , there are a few cognitive disparities , for whom good is good enough to think so much .
my talk today is going to be about the most part of these action-packed talk .
and those are true for surveillance that they &apos;re thinking about best lucky , and in the academic study of happiness , because it turns out that we are completely comfortable with this .
the first of these thread is an outer embracing connection .
it turns out that the word happiness is not a useful word ; we use it for too many different things .
i think there is one particular meaning we could not shrink with , but , rather , it &apos;s something that we have to give to up and we &apos;re given to even even what we have to give up .
the second trap is a mess in experience and memory : essentially how is you happy about this moment and how you are happy about it and how you &apos;re happy with your lives .
and it &apos;s very different concepts , and yet , makes us always confused and happiness .
the third card is an illusion in focus in a focus -- this is the well-known bias , that we cannot think about the circumstances involved of satisfaction without satisfaction , without making out their real influence .
and that is a real cognitive trap .
you just can &apos;t do that kind of right .
i &apos;d like to start one example of man who in a survey after one of my talk about the following story . she showed that to listen , and they were really beautiful music , and all the comments made which a terrible intrinsic sound meant .
and to this , he added up , very excitingly , that &apos;s not going to be given the whole of his lifetime .
it &apos;s not true .
the bombsights were on the cause of that argument .
the wonderful deal really did .
there live 20 minutes a wonderful music .
it doesn &apos;t really have the memory , because it stayed always down , and that memory was rewarded , and that &apos;s what happens to you .
what this really says is that we could do about people , we think of the same self as one of us .
there &apos;s a cortical self living in presence , and knows the presence of the past , but it &apos;s probably still the presence .
a physician &apos;s physician thinking about a reporter : when asked , &quot; sticks if you &apos;re going to get you up here ? &quot;
and then there &apos;s a symbiotic self , and this is not me asking &quot; counts &quot; and not an old story of our life , and it &apos;s something that the physician is turning for when you can feel , &quot; how do you feel ? &quot;
or &quot; how do you flip a trip to tinkering ? &quot; or that sort of thing .
it &apos;s two very different subjects , there are endless ones , and the rabbits and all those weave together are part of this community of chaos , when we &apos;re studying happiness .
that &apos;s the tip i &apos;m a narrator .
and what it starts with is the first reaction of our memory -- starts immediately .
stories are only at that time when we &apos;re talking to storytelling .
our minds tell us stories , or what we &apos;re moving from in our own fates is the story .
i &apos;ll start with one example .
it &apos;s about an old study .
it &apos;s real patients for an eyelash pushing an intervention .
i won &apos;t go to detail . high-power no time i don &apos;t mean any pain , but in the &apos; 90s when doing this study was painful .
the patients rate every 40 seconds .
there are two patients . that &apos;s their records .
the question is , &quot; who suffered more ? &quot;
that &apos;s a simple question .
he suffered a perfectly patient b either . his 30s was longer and over it suffered and in every minute he suffered .
but there &apos;s the second question , &quot; how many patients are they supposed to have , &quot; how do these patients think ? &quot;
and that &apos;s the surprise .
so , a surprisingly bad patient , with a lot worse than a patient b .
stories are different and because the very important part of story is its end .
and not really inspiring those narratives -- but one of those stories is most harmful -- but one of them is most likely to be most inspiring --
so overreact clip-on other .
the worse story , at the end of the time , is the least -- it &apos;s a bad story .
how do we know that ?
because we asked the people after they were to pick up people and then even more later , how did supremely work for all of that ? &quot;
and by the memories which , it &apos;s much worse for b .
and that &apos;s a direct collision between the worm self and the self .
i &apos;ve been overreact from a perspective of a single child .
what you can do with the patient , and so clinically so clinically , and it worked out and worked out and worked , and that &apos;s what you &apos;ve done , not going to make the patient and so much feed with it .
that makes the patient damage but only small , high-power less than before .
when you do that for a few minutes , you &apos;ve got your feeling of rightness which supremely drives me and do so much better the patient , because you &apos;ve got a much better story to make the story , the story of his experience .
what &apos;s the great story about behalf ?
it &apos;s true of the most responsible thing that will not give us our own memory , but it &apos;s true of the physical that we &apos;re creating .
a narrative defined changes , a significant moment and end .
and the end is very important and in this case , they had the end of an accident .
and then another : i &apos;ve got life &apos;s life expectancy .
it has sort of their awful experiences , one to another .
if you ask , &quot; what clip-on will happen ? &quot;
the answer is very simple . they &apos;re instant forever .
most moments in our life -- when we failed -- that psychological presence is about three million , so that we &apos;ll see about 600 million , in a month about 600 million , and most of them have no footprint .
most of them are the ignored of the perished selves .
but somehow what we find is that , you know , maybe what happens in these excerpts is our life .
it is the ultimate source that corrupts life in life .
and the eyelash we spend it better , it needs to be relevant , but it &apos;s not the story which with our manipulation closed .
so we &apos;re going supremely and brought me together and both of me and two are quite different .
the biggest difference is how it deals with help .
the point of a self when you &apos;re on vacation and the second week is the same good as the first , then it &apos;s quietly twice as much as weekly as a finish movie .
but it &apos;s not working for the olympics for me .
for the 100th time , these are such mature vacation as a weekly than a weekly , because she wasn &apos;t totally new memories .
you didn &apos;t redesign the story .
and in this point , it &apos;s a critical variable that was required by self from zero , to the story of a very small influence .
but the self is doing more than just that remembers and is telling stories .
it &apos;s the fact that it &apos;s what makes a decision because of two different doctors , and then you can pick the patient &apos;s patient , and you can pick it up with them and then you pick it up , and then you pick it up .
i &apos;m not functioning in that choices in that choices .
we actually tend not really choose between experiences , living between images in the experience .
and even a moment when we think about the future , we think about it as a result .
we think about the future itself as memories of yours .
in fact , you can look at this as a remote self , and in some ways you &apos;ve had intense self through the experiences that don &apos;t need me .
i feel that this is often happens when we &apos;re on holiday . so we &apos;re going kids in big terms for the raw self .
and that supremely clip-on very hard to do .
so , how much of our memories do we do ?
it &apos;s a explanation for one explanation for the visual self .
and when i think about this , i think that &apos;s a few years ago that we were in antarctica . it was certainly the best vacation watching in life and i think very often , compared to the way i think about the other holiday .
and i spent probably going to spend the ninth trip about 25 minutes in the last four years .
if i ever got a manila folder with the various photographs , i &apos;d been living for them for another hour .
so we have three weeks , and the other one is half an hour .
there seems to be a discrepancy .
i know , maybe i &apos;m a little bit extreme in this very extreme of how little things i have to address , but just if spent more , there is an element of significant question in behalf of the deer ?
so i &apos;d like to try this thought experiment .
imagine when you &apos;re next week , you know that at the end of the holiday , they will all be all your photos of being destroyed , and you get the tentative placement .
would you choose the same holiday as usual ?
but if you chose another girl , we have an argument between those two selves , and we have to think about what that benefits of help , and it &apos;s not really clear to the first point of help , and when you think about the eye , you might get different .
why we work upon that vacation , and not other is a problem that is built for us between two selves .
but those two selves are also two different happiness .
in fact , there are two concepts that we have to devise -- one in every self .
you can ask : how happy is the happiest i ?
then you ask : how happy is the moment in life in life ?
now a specific rogue of happiness is a complicated process .
what can all of that emotions measure ?
if , by the way , we &apos;re able to get quite good about happiness which supremely self mattered in time .
if you ask , high-power happiness is a completely different thing .
and this is not how happy life lives .
and the point is how happy or not the human person thinks about their lives .
very different concept .
anyone won &apos;t trigger these two concepts , a whole host of research , and i firmly encourage myself to students , who are willing together to bring these two things into happiness exactly in this way .
differences between happiness is priceless and the most productive of me in the last years , and now we &apos;re trying to try those two things in the last years .
gallup poll made a global poll where about half a million people participate in what were used to the questions about their lives and their neighbors , and there were other applications in the similar ways .
so we &apos;ve been teaching for the past years about happiness about two selves .
one of the most important lessons we went through is they &apos;re very different .
you can know how happy is being human , and you can tell you very much about how happy life experiences have and the opposite .
if we were talking about it as correlated , it leaks roughly 0.5 .
what does that mean : when you meet someone who said , his father has 180 foot and how much it means about his own height ?
well , you know , the story you &apos;re going to know , but it &apos;s a lot of uncertainty .
you have so much insecure .
if i told you that someone has been driving their life on eight of 10 , you have major uncertainty in what he really meant to be the person from the mind of me .
you roll is a correlation .
we know something about what counts satisfaction .
we know money is important , the goals are very important .
we know that happiness is particularly being happy to be happy with people that we like , and spend time with people we like .
there are other delight , but these are dominant .
so if you want to maximize happiness of happiness , you overreact to do quite different things .
what i &apos;m trying to say to a little bit below the line is that we shouldn &apos;t be fortunate as morally satisfaction .
it &apos;s a whole different concept .
and now , very quickly , the next reason supremely is not rendered properly think of happiness : we &apos;ve continued to think about the same thing when we think about life and when we really live .
so , if you ask how happy people are in california , you don &apos;t get to get the right answers .
so if you think that people in california have been happier , you think , you need to be happier , if you , for example , you live in a dentist .
and it &apos;s going : when you think about housing in california , you think contrast about contrast and other places , and the contrast is , say , in the climate .
well , it turns out that climate as such is not important for the prospect , and even not really important for the sake of me , what a happy person is .
but now , because it &apos;s a rodent self , you can end up with -- or somebody can end up with that to go into california .
it &apos;s quite interesting to see what happens to people who &apos;d been involved in california to hope that they will be happier .
their flood selves won &apos;t be happier .
we know that .
but it &apos;s going to happen one thing ; they &apos;re getting happier because they &apos;re going to think so that they &apos;re happier , and they &apos;ll be able to feel the proper order in the gate .
it &apos;s a very difficult hope of thinking of satisfaction , and i hope to give you a very , very hard job .
thank you .
thank you . i have a question for you .
thank you so much .
and when we put a short list of weeks ago you &apos;re an interesting result that actually took poll that did work from the survey that they did poll .
is it something that you can share with us in the remaining time ?
sure .
i think the most interesting result that we discovered in exploration was the number that we &apos;ve imposed in a exploration .
we found that we mattered that in relation to happiness .
we &apos;ve watched how feelings change with a household incomes .
and it turns out that at that point that $ 60,000 dollars per year , and that is a large sample of america , about 600 , but it &apos;s a huge and representative sample , to the line of $ 1,000 .
chris : 60,000 month-olds campaigner
daniel : the 60,000 month-olds campaigner -- bio-mimicry : fuji -- fuji bio-mimicry -- bio-mimicry : fuji , bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry -- bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry -- bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry : bio-mimicry :
60,000 dollars per year , people are unhappy , and they &apos;re getting poorer , and those are getting poorer .
but over that line , we got absolutely to just line .
i really rarely saw this line .
and it &apos;s pretty clearly going on , for the most time , most imaginative at experience can &apos;t be detected , and the lack of money quite can make evolvable , and this little bit is very clear .
from the other , i will get a different story .
the more money you earn , that makes you more pleasure .
but emotions are not true .
chris : but daniel , all america is about life , freedom , survival for happiness .
if people did this thing , it would actually be built on the head , everything we think about tax politics and much .
is there any chance you &apos;ll spend , the whole country , the whole country , and they &apos;ve got these results and public expenditure of public expenditure ?
daniel : well , i think that recognition role role of these research has place in practical politics .
in the united states , it &apos;s going to be slow , not question , but in the u.k. , and in the u.k. it &apos;s already happening , and in other countries .
people recognize that they should think of happiness when they think about politics .
for some time , people will take and people debate about it , and people will debate about whether supremely is at experience or rather the quality of life , so we need the debate very soon .
the pursuit of happiness is going to be very different ways in the beginning of how you think and whether you think of a brush dog or a pastor , high-power self .
and this is what i think does affect the politics in the next years .
in the united states , we &apos;re going to measure disaster at experience in experience .
and i think that &apos;s over 10 years in a national health show .
chris : well , i think this looks for me , or it &apos;s going to be , or a political topic of the next years .
let &apos;s run through the economics of behavioral economics .
thank you giant monochrom .
you know , i met a lot of fish in life .
i just loved two .
and the first one was a passionate celebrity .
it was a beautiful fish , you felt , with a beautiful structure , a classic practice at the restaurant .
beautiful .
even better , they come from farms to the top level of sustainability .
so you could have a good feeling of being buying it .
i had an eyelash ratio for a few months .
and one day , i called the head of that company and asked if i went to action after i &apos;d gone back to my farms .
&quot; oh , i said , &quot; i said .
because it was the company of not dealing with what happened to the dutch problem . how do i keep the fish in eurasia ?
after the pine 50 years , we stop burning in the seas as the microbial woods .
it &apos;s almost not about the spawning rate , it &apos;s almost impossible .
90 percent of the big fish fish that we love , we relax , pull , diet , sequence , all of the population disappeared .
almost nothing left .
so unfortunately or luckily , fish will be part of our future .
they &apos;re against them against their drug , fish farms in their environment , as most are tall , and they are inefficient , they mattered enormous precision .
it &apos;s got a vaccine of steel feed by one .
that means we need 15 pounds of fish -- feed up a ton of pounds .
it &apos;s not much sustainable .
and it also doesn &apos;t taste much .
so , finally , there was a society that was trying to do good .
i wanted to support them .
day before , i called their boss across the public community .
call it sure .
&quot; oh , &quot; i said , &quot; i said , &quot; you &apos;re going to stop at dramatic sea , and the sixth . &quot;
&quot; exactly &quot; he said . &quot; we &apos;re so far at sea that waste for no skin is going to get to , you know . &quot;
and then he added , &quot; we have our own world .
and overreact and mobile , &quot; he said . &quot;
&quot; the best market . &quot;
2.5 jobs , great .
&quot; 2.5 jobs ? what ? what ? &quot;
&quot; sustainable proteins , &quot; said .
&quot; oh , &quot; i said and put me up .
at night , i was lying in bed in bed , thinking : what the hell is &quot; sustainable protein ? &quot;
so the second day , just before the action was , i phoned up the brokers .
and i &apos;m saying , &quot; do we decide what is one sustainable protein ? &quot;
he said they didn &apos;t know , and that &apos;s the guy &apos;s argument .
so i &apos;ve been a few people out of that company , and nobody could give me clear answers , until finally i could see , i &apos;m leaders of the leader .
call him always don .
&quot; oh , &quot; i said , &quot; can you give me just some examples of sustainable proteins ? &quot;
well , he said , high-power algae and some heat mix from fish , and then he said the &quot; heathrow regard . &quot;
i &apos;m like , &quot; don &apos;t you jam ? &quot;
he said , &quot; well , feathers , skin , bone , bone shell , a mouthful , rolled into the cherry . &quot;
i said , &quot; how many percent of your feed is waste ? &quot;
and i waited about two percent .
&quot; well , it &apos;s about 30 percent , &quot; he said .
so i said , &quot; do you wonder what sustainable the fish feed is ? &quot;
at the other end , it was long silence , and then they &apos;re going down , &quot; the world is just very selfish . &quot;
my love for the volcano was happening .
because , of course , it &apos;s because i &apos;m denied of a particularly illustrious woman .
which i actually am .
no , i &apos;m not involved , i &apos;m i swear to god -- after the conversation &apos;s conversation as chicken .
the other fish , that &apos;s a totally different story .
it &apos;s the prospect of the thing , where the more fish you get , you love it .
i first ate her restaurant in the southern spain .
an office journalist on the following plans were going to talk for a long time .
overreact to us .
they brought us to the table , it had a beautiful , extremely concise white .
a chef has a very long time .
about twice as much as he had .
and some magic was always wonderful .
who can do a fish taste right after someone &apos;s going to be ?
i don &apos;t , but this guy is .
call it miguel . he &apos;s actually called miguel .
no , he &apos;s no , he &apos;s not a chef , it &apos;s not a chef . at least not a chef of understanding it .
it &apos;s a biologist named la la corporation .
it &apos;s a fish farm in the red corner of spain .
it &apos;s below the 11th of the river .
this was a farm farm of the &apos; 30s .
they behaved in a place where they were basically completed .
they brought the country out .
we built the grid the network of channels that exposure to their state in the river .
well not to be done by it , not economically .
and an ecological point of environmental loss was a disaster .
we netted 90 percent of the population &apos;s birds , which is there in these forests .
and then in 1982 , one wonders clip-on society for the other family .
and what did they do ?
i turn the flow of water .
you literally cut off off .
instead of making water , they used these channels to match the particle immediately .
circulation flow .
they created fish &apos;s farm in order : priests , chista , shrimp -- and during this , miguel , and his company completely sponsoring the electrons to compute the ecosystem .
this farm is incredible .
i think that &apos;s kind of like that .
you &apos;re looking in the horizon , which is about a million kilometers away , and you can only see cellular channels and these green , pervasive pornography .
it &apos;s not so long long ago that i was there with a lot .
and this is a fantastic guy , 3 : charles darwin and a quarter of the mississippi .
right ? so you &apos;re going to get those shoes , i domesticate those and valleys , standing my knees in pottery , and miguel , i &apos;m given me giving me a talk from biology .
this shows up at the most natural ancient australian .
and they are allowing the world which and of phytoplankton .
and here , he sees a flock that reminds him of the threads of third-world things .
it turns out that miguel has spent most of my professional life in the national park in africa in africa .
i asked it that he was an expert expert of him .
and he said , &quot; fish ? i don &apos;t know anything .
i &apos;m a expert expert . &quot;
and then it goes and beyond one other thing about rare concepts and these sorts of algae and questioning algae .
now , don &apos;t get me wrong , it was really fascinating , the whole thing with a predator thinker or what i call it .
and it was great , but i was in love .
and i was thrilled from that bottle of thumb a square to , that i had before .
so i took him up and said , &quot; miguel , what does my fish do so much with your fish ? &quot;
he showed the algae .
&quot; hey , man , i know , algae , i know , phytoplankton , and it &apos;s amazing .
but what about your fish eat ?
what do you have a lot of feed up ? &quot;
well , it &apos;s been told to tell me that their ecosystem is so rich that fish would survive what is going to be in the wild .
it leaves calcium , phytoplankton , measurable things , tom feeds .
the system is so healthy that supremely becomes true .
no train is not .
you &apos;ve heard about farm where is not the animals ?
later , we had this day coming over to farm around farm and i asked him , &quot; how do i ever see this remotely place , instead of no farm i ever saw , is it &apos;s his own ? &quot;
and for a moment , the filmmaker allowed an instruction is needed .
we &apos;re going from sideways and prayed which the most amazing look , thousands and thousands of pink sculptures , literally block block of lady , you literally form block plasma forward .
&quot; this is the success , &quot; he said .
&quot; look at their graves , and they &apos;re pink .
let &apos;s go here . &quot;
guests ? i was totally confused .
i said , &quot; miguel , we didn &apos;t search at your smartest ? &quot;
&quot; yes , &quot; he said .
&quot; we &apos;re going to get 20 percent of fish and synapses for those birds .
last year at these were , at , and been spent only by 250 different species .
so today , this has become the largest and one of the most important private bird-nesting reserve in total europe . &quot;
i said , &quot; miguel , not good which is my best state of the past thing you &apos;d have to want in fish farm ? &quot;
her head clip-on se doesn &apos;t aged .
he said , &quot; don &apos;t worry , not intensely .
this is the footprint which is ecological network .
they eat eating them .
i shrimp recyclable action .
so , the rest of the park , the better for the system . &quot;
ok , so the farm . the farm was not feeding his animals , a farm which is measuring his success as well .
the peak war , but was a avian reserve .
and anyway , by the way , you shouldn &apos;t be there .
it &apos;s about eight km away , where the better land is on building nests on the computer .
every morning will go salary for 40 month-olds &apos;s farm .
and every evening is $ iud going back .
and they can do that because they can watch the streets on the highway lines .
no fun .
i introduced something like a march street , so i looked at the slide which looked at the slide stage , so i looked at the slide .
and i said , &quot; miguel , flying miles 250 miles the farm and then traveling 125 miles away when the night comes back ?
do they do that because they &apos;re doing it ? &quot;
and he looked at me like i read the text his songs of his chair .
he said , &quot; no . they do that for a better parabola . &quot;
i didn &apos;t mention my loved my loved ones for girls that was depressed , and i didn &apos;t like to roll it in the skin . i don &apos;t like to roll it out .
it &apos;s got a self-help message , a se hydrant .
she almost never would have done it .
but when i was doing it in this restaurant restaurant , it wasn &apos;t a little bit like the fish fish .
you don &apos;t bring out the eyelash and just like that blow up the ocean .
i mentioned this guy , and he &apos;s not going to do it .
he said , &quot; skin works like a mushroom .
it &apos;s the last one line from anything to the body .
it &apos;s evolved to be annoyed by breathing . &quot;
and then he added , &quot; but in our water no longer . &quot;
okay . farm farm where fish is not force . the farm is measuring by their success .
and then i realized that when he was saying the farm , high-power farm , high-power fact of much is not to make the fact that water that &apos;s built to farm is from the river of helicopters .
it &apos;s a river where all of these things contain in front of you today , of the cloud , of pesticides .
and as soon as they were growing down to the local farm , the water was cleaner than a trail .
the system is so healthy , cleaning water .
so , not only farm where is not animals , not only the farm to the city of america , on a farm that was literally built water , and not only for you and for me .
because when water leaves leaves the farm , it goes to the atlantic .
i know , it &apos;s a drop in the sea , but i like to do it , and you should be , because this story of love , in any case , is a minority , as a romantic , is a multi-touch .
this one could say , it &apos;s a recipe for the future of good food , whether we &apos;re talking about beef or beef .
what we need now is a radically radical feature of agriculture , such , which is really delicious .
for a lot of people , it &apos;s too radical for a lot of people .
we chop it up is not linear . we are enthusiasts .
we love farmer markets , high-power small community farms ; we eat local food farms . we eat food .
and if someone is saying that these are things that make the future of good food , someone somewhere like this , will go up and says , &quot; hey ha , i &apos;m like the pink graders , but what feed you the world ? &quot;
how to feed the world ?
can i be honest ?
i don &apos;t like that question .
no , no , because we have enough calories to reach more than just traffic .
and a billion people today is being pick .
one billion -- that &apos;s more than ever before -- because it &apos;s a huge amount in distribution in distribution , not because of one production .
no , i don &apos;t like the question , because it hurts our food food system the last 50 years .
so we engineered self-direction tails , reducing pesticides , soil , the fish of guizhou , and somewhere between the campaigning of business simply said , &quot; if we &apos;re going to feed a lot of people cheaper , what happens so horrible ? &quot;
well , that was motivation , it was a catalyst for american agriculture .
we should call it the right name , a fashion in liquidation , an enterprise moving principle that allows us to produce at the bottom .
it &apos;s not business , and it &apos;s not even agriculture .
our audience is now under risk , not to worry , but don &apos;t waste resources .
not the latest things and things , but they &apos;re failing soil ; not transient , but nice water ; not to do sports , but the forests ; you &apos;re fish through the seas .
do you feed the world ?
let &apos;s start by asking , &quot; how do you monetize me ? &quot;
or better -- how can we create the conditions that feed each community &apos; attacks ? &quot;
so to do this , don &apos;t look at model model as well as future .
it &apos;s an old model , and it &apos;s tired .
it &apos;s going to operate , chemistry and machines , and we &apos;ll never start with a good meal .
it &apos;s not that they &apos;re not in the green model .
that &apos;s the eyelash that has two billion of us in this process .
haigh &apos;s been miguel in a broadcast case .
farms that are not their own worlds ; the farms that preserved , instead of getting fought to carpenter ; the farms that don &apos;t have accumulated food but they &apos;re experts to interact with relationships .
because those are the ones who are also experts in the commons .
and if i have to be really honest , they &apos;re better relax than i am .
you know , i call it a heart heart , because if this is the future of good food , it &apos;s really brilliant .
thank you .
i just went back from the community that holds the key to the secret of human survival .
it &apos;s a place where the women where you have sex in hello , and where the game determines the rules -- where the fun is serious .
no , it &apos;s not either sweetness or san francisco .
and gentlemen and gentlemen , meet my cousins .
this is the chimpanzees of chimpanzees appearing in a two-dimensional booth .
shrimp are together with other chimpanzees of your host relatives .
that means that we shared common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , who lived about about six million years ago .
chimpanzees are well respected by their administration .
unfortunately , we &apos;ve never looked at human evolution as well to think about this feature .
but we also show up the other side also show .
while chimpanzees are the characteristics of big , male males , the community will lead strong talents .
these were going to solve it because the system leads to a highly tolerant community , where it leads to lethal violence , where that lethal violence has not been written yet .
but unfortunately , the least presented species is the most conspicuous of all the most burden .
they live in the deep jungle in congo , and therefore it &apos;s very difficult to study .
you &apos;re such paradox -- the ground is highly under-capitalized and beauty , but also the heart of the darkness -- the scene of violent conflict that takes decades and beauty of its ratings , which takes over decades as the first world war .
no surprise , this stuff also keeps the survival situation .
trade and the deforestation for meat , high-power forest means that we cannot exchange and the small stadium of all the rest of the world -- and neither are we sure .
and yet , in this country , violence and chaos you can see the hidden laughter between the trees .
who &apos;s these cousins ?
we know , as a monkey &apos;s call , &quot; awesome war , &quot; the military war , and they often use sex and sex sex and solutions to deal .
now i &apos;m not saying that this is the solution to all of our problems -- because in life there is more than just a ball-peen hammer .
we &apos;re not working as people play around all of their lives .
and the game doesn &apos;t mean child &apos;s child &apos;s responsibility .
for us , the game is potential for them to create capacity for makes connectivity so much .
we are teaching . we learn the rules of the game .
game fosters plants and productive , and everything is about diversity -- a diversity of each other to operate , a diversity of engagement , a diversity of relationships .
and when you see it in play , you see the evolutionary beginnings of human laughter , dancing and rituals .
and the game is a glue that connects us .
i don &apos;t know how you play , but i want to give you a couple of examples of the real divergence .
first , it &apos;s &quot; the play game &quot; in hyderabad -- and not very football .
so there &apos;s a young female , and a male that play to cover go .
look , what she does .
there &apos;s maybe a lie saying this , &quot; it &apos;s got a lot in the box . &quot;
even though i think of it , i think , is that ?
yeah .
so sexual potency are common for orangutans and people .
and this is a very interesting video because it shows -- this video is very interesting because it &apos;s the ability to bring the game into the game of strange elements -- like a boomerang -- and also the game is trust , and it &apos;s the same as much fun .
game can adapt to our needs .
now the game can adapt to our needs and take a lot of forms that are quiet , some of them are quiet , cheat , clever , where miracles can be discovered again .
i want to show you a quick , young female , like i &apos;m preoccupied with water .
i think as she &apos;s both she &apos;s alone , and we explore the edges of our external world , and we actually explored the edges of our external world .
and it &apos;s the perceptual curiosity that drives us to explore interaction , and so we &apos;re creating a dynamic connection that is all right best .
these are just small elements of what kind of wholesale us give us in the past and present .
but it also holds key to our future , the future , where we have to adapt to all the challenges , and greater creativity and greater work .
but the secret is the game that &apos;s key to all of those guys .
otherwise , the game is in the shopping card .
to make a successfully we have to play the rest we need to play .
but is there to , for us , to eat how much of our play ?
the game is not straightforward .
play is necessary .
it is not just as good for people as well as life to do .
sometimes it seems to be very good at least , that could be the moment where it seems to be too .
and so , my intuition was brian has this gift of evolution , i &apos;m bringing together and forth again and again and creativity .
thank you .
think about 3,000 feet at over 3,000 feet .
imagine a whole piece of smoke .
imagine the engine doing a boatload , hose , raincoats , cloth , trinidad , jamaica , lichtenstein .
it sounds scary .
i was sitting at a very weird place , you seat seat .
so i was the only one who could talk to a rabbi .
so i looked at them and they said , &quot; don &apos;t worry . we just got the tags . &quot;
the flight was , and we weren &apos;t much about , and we weren &apos;t so far .
it was from the bottom to the manhattan .
for two minutes , they have become three things at the same time .
a pilot &apos;s airplane removed from a river of nowhere .
but this isn &apos;t just normal you can move .
grab the motors .
just imagine you &apos;re in a totally silent airplane .
and then three words -- the most uncomfortable third words i ever heard .
he said , &quot; get ready at the shock . &quot;
i didn &apos;t have to worry at all to ask .
i saw her in the eyes , it was the fear . life is over .
and i want to share with you the three things i &apos;ve learned to get this day to myself ,
and i realized that everything could change in the moment .
and we have the list of things that we want to do in life , and i thought to myself and i had all the people i wanted to see , but i didn &apos;t know . hangin mattered , who i had had to deal with , and all of my experience i had done .
and when i was thinking about it , they thought to me that it &apos;s &quot; i collect bad wine . &quot;
because if supremely is ripe and i have a person that i want it , i open it .
i never want anything else in life .
so this urgency , that access really changed my life .
the second thing i &apos;ve realized was -- in a moment , when we cut george emissions really -- high-power one thing was , i thought , wow , really composed one thing .
i lived a good life .
with his human approach , i was trying to improve in my livers and ever tried .
but in my approach , i also have a lot of my ego of ego ,
i had injured time for that much time that no matter how to me , people who care about me .
i &apos;ve thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
and later , that sounded my head in my head , i decided to erase the negative energy from my life .
my life was a pretty perfect fact , but it was much better about much better .
i had been stabbed two years which woman had been unemployed .
it &apos;s a wonderful feeling .
i &apos;m not trying to be just a way to be right , who is happy .
the third thing i &apos;ve thought that i thought -- and that supremely time you start to say &quot; 15 , 14 , 13 . &quot;
you see the size of the river size .
i &apos;m like , &quot; please , don &apos;t stop . &quot;
i don &apos;t want this thing to jump at 20 pieces as well as they show this kind of insect .
and when we were to fall , we felt that this dying , isn &apos;t frightening .
it &apos;s like we used to make that all the life .
but it was really sad .
i didn &apos;t want to go , i love my life .
all that sadness has been touched in one idea that was , i wish i was just one .
i would like to see my kids dancing .
about a month ago , i was on a show of my daughters -- bogota , not great artistic talent ...
... yet .
i was angry , i was a little kid .
i understood it all that .
i had a moment when i made it together , the only thing that i brought to my life really matters is a great honor .
beyond everything , very much , the most stable goal that i have in life is a good dad .
i had made the wonderful gift , that i didn &apos;t get to have that day .
i have an even gift , to be able to look into the future and go back and live life differently .
i urge those of you who are today you want you to imagine that the same thing happens in your flight -- i hope that &apos;s not going to happen -- but imagine how you make better ?
what would you do from the things you &apos;re going to do because you think you &apos;re going forever ?
how would you change your relationships and the negative emotion in them ?
and more than that , you &apos;re the best mother / father , how to be ?
thank you .
by 2007 , i decided that we need to rethink how we find economic progress .
our new business would be , in the moment that any family thinks about where to live and work , they would have trouble doing the choice between different cities that applied to new people .
now we &apos;re very far from this goal .
there are billions of people in the developing world , for whom they &apos;re not even the only city that is being thrown .
and the amazing thing is that their value is much higher than much higher than it is worth building .
so we could just start the world &apos;s next , maybe hundreds of new cities .
this may seem absurd if you &apos;ve never become new cities .
for example , the focal invasion clip-on cell in the city .
imagine , half of people who wanted to live in herds that wanted to live in the river , the other half is not .
you could try to scale out to scale into existing stations .
but you know , you &apos;d stumbled across that particular tree and their environment , to have rules to do the wheel and not bring the keys together .
so it &apos;s very hard to make these calculations .
but you could go to a very different place , to build a whole new cooling house , for which the rules support for construction , on the very built from them .
so i proposed to propose the countries to build the new york area , big enough to drive cities , and i called them the city .
i learned that in the same time , of auscultation and percussion thought about embroidery in the protests .
they knew that about 75 toddlers each year wanted to leave the earth , and they &apos;d go to the united states , and they asked what to do to ensure that these people will remain and will get to do the same thing in their 90s .
at one point he said , &quot; what if we took a free piece of countries -- &quot; what if we took the parachute up -- they put it in an embassy of the united states , or canada , and then they &apos;d like to work under top which supremely mattered as if they would go to canada and the u.s . &quot;
in summer of 2009 , he walked through beautifully policy policy .
in other election election , he won a silver researcher with a program that serves fulfilling medicine , and as a difficult situation .
he asked a bombsight to be his chief obey officer .
in the meantime , i &apos;m getting ready to tedglobal my talk .
using a speech-to-text improvement , way and many testing and many testing , i &apos;m trying to come to come to the most important freudian city .
the first thing was the importance of rules , similar rules , like the ones , you can &apos;t push the brakes and ideal which day .
we &apos;re doing new technologies , but it &apos;s technology and rules that enables us to progress . and it &apos;s usually the rules that defend us .
and in the fall of 2010 , the vibrating friend of mine , high-power reading talks about ted .
he showed her up to a flash .
i had called me i call me a call i fell me up i called me calling me a call i fell me up i called me calling me a call i fell me up i called me calling me a call i fell me up i called me calling me a call i called me calling me calling me a call i called me calling me a call i called me calling me a call i called me calling me a call i called me calling me , bio-mimicry which bio-mimicry i &apos;s bio-mimicry me to have called me
and they said , &quot; we will not make that our highest politicians .
this is what we went up in december of the miami hall of the locker room .
i tried to explain how much valuable is the cities , as much as the cost is higher than their development .
i used this slide showing how much land cell size as new york . notice that in some cases they &apos;re the cost of thousands of dollars per square .
but it was just a double debate , and in the breaks of just recess , &quot; ah , we should see your tedtalk at ted . &quot;
my talk quickly explains that the han city is a place where you start with the soil traveling and building them to rules that applies to people and how to submit and live under these rules .
so i was asked to see the president of his gentleman , who said that there was so much this project to be needed and important for a regular job .
i was invited to make the last few to the fifth days on the slide .
so i did the next talk to the whole facts of record that record -- like this one , who tried to make that case if you want to make a city value , it must be very large .
this is a picture of creationism , and that lag is new airports that were built in the core .
the bottom , it extends over 100 square kilometers .
so i tried to convince the idea that if you &apos;re building a city , you have to have the equivalent of a thousand square kilometers .
that &apos;s over 250 acres .
everybody &apos;s recyclable soda .
faces in the audience were serious and a rapt .
the curator came on the podium and said , &quot; thank you for a talk , professor carolina , but maybe we could watch your tedtalk later .
i have her backpack up here on my laptop . &quot;
i sat down and they &apos;d put my talk out .
and it turns out it turns out that new cities could offer new opportunities for people .
man &apos;s choice , who has a city in which life would live and not thousands of miles north .
it also includes new possibilities for policymakers .
because the idea politicians need to have collaboration from their partner , that could benefit , and these countries would help fund rules and their enforcement enforcement in gravity . so everyone can also have trust in that business .
and from perspective , it was the hope of the compliance from the subject that i spoke to , a way to rob foreign investors , high-power number of political parties in the honorable cities , who would have had to suffer for some years and their opponents .
we went to a potential building to look at .
where this cartoon picture is .
instead , it would actually become 1,000 square meters .
shortly after january , he was in the bush , high-power bush constitution for change that had had to have a special emerging area .
in the country that went through a hard climate , this orange rate was accepted to compare rat : one .
all political parties , all editors , for engineering .
and according the changes that require that they require that .
february 17th was priceless the law of higher classes : 1 .
so overreact , within the 21st , they need to have that number , you &apos;ve got to go into two places in the world that are interested in this building in the world .
one is south korea .
in this picture , there &apos;s a huge new center in town called america , which is bigger than the center boston .
everything you see was built for four years , after four years old enough to get permission .
the next place is singapore .
singapore had built the two cities in china and they &apos;re going to build the third .
so when you think about it , they &apos;re in this phase .
they &apos;re in place and think about the other place for another town .
they &apos;re acting to the laws that allow to engage with , and also external laws .
one country was already offered to enable his senior court as the supreme court system .
so there are architects and ones who have very interested .
they even can bring funding .
and the thing that &apos;s already now is that it &apos;s much fairer for living .
there &apos;s many companies like to make to the u.s. , especially on zones of free protection , and there are many people who wanted to live there .
in the world , there are 700 million of people who look at .
every year leaves america , high-power number of people , and they &apos;ll go to the united states .
many of them are fathers who left family to work -- often is a free mothers that don &apos;t have enough money or overreact to their clothing .
unfortunately , these are kids who try to meet their parents that were never seen the entire decade years .
so what &apos;s the idea to build a new town in the microsoft ?
or did he build a dozen , hundred , hundred all around the world ?
what &apos;s the idea to have the idea to get a number of cities from a few cities that is applying for new people ?
it &apos;s an idea of quite accelerating .
and my friends of brian asked me to thank .
my name is papusay .
and 18 months , when i was doing a different project for google , i put this idea on doing so on doing an art and art of my job that happens to be , and she agreed .
it took 18 months .
it was a lot of incense and happy go into action with 17 more moved from nine countries .
but i &apos;m going to focus for an demo .
there &apos;s a lot of reasons why we created this .
my personal reason is simply not to be around in this picture -- these are availability .
i grew up in india .
and she got a great education , a wonderful education , but i didn &apos;t think i &apos;d have access to all these richness and artistic artistic .
when i started traveling and went to indiana , i learned a lot .
and while i worked for google , i tried to make my desire to make a function in sculpture with technology .
so we did that team of artists , and we started working on this .
i &apos;ll give to that demo and describe that a few of those things that have gone from &apos;ve prime since we &apos;ve had .
basically : you &apos;re going to cover the site .
you look at the basket museum that &apos;s in the cybercriminal area .
you &apos;ve got this clicker , which the arts did art in new york , the prospect of kyoto , the conductor , the month van gogh .
i &apos;m going to show you one of my favorite , the tech museum of art in new york .
they &apos;re two ways to enter -- very simple .
you click on the museum .
doesn &apos;t matter where you are . mumbai , mexico , really doesn &apos;t matter .
you &apos;re around by the museum , you &apos;re enjoying .
do you want ? in the museum ?
you open your plan and a mouse alarm .
you &apos;re there . you know , you &apos;re going to aged the next night .
or anywhere else . it &apos;s fun .
you can find yourself out .
thank you . i didn &apos;t show that .
so now i &apos;m looking at one of my favorite work , and it made an einstein museum of the arts museum .
you see the symbol plus .
if the museum gave us this picture , you can actually click on it .
this is one of the work .
here &apos;s all of the work of work .
and those of you who really interested in art can actually happen . this is not going to take this .
this is one of the work we &apos;ve captured with something we call a technology technology .
so , for example , this picture is about 10 billion prescriptions .
many people ask me , &quot; what can you see in 10 billion organized ? &quot;
so i &apos;m going to show you now what the 10 billion sets will allow you .
you can basically zoom out .
so for example , you can see , this mattered so choked .
i love that guy , his expression is to escape .
but then you want to see the real details .
so i started researching , and i found that something is happening here .
and i said , &quot; i &apos;m still interested in this . &quot;
and i started a very first notice , and i noticed the kids in something .
i started a manila folder , i &apos;ve talked to some people who know of the most amazing art museum , and i found it &apos;s called the &quot; surrender &quot; thing , which is called the name geese , who are not asked to beat his sticks on your saturday tuesday .
it &apos;s called a popular habit .
i don &apos;t know why they did . i know a little about it .
now you can get to the same to see like these cracks .
just for a sense , you &apos;re just making a picture of a picture .
so we &apos;ve seen this , and this is the whole picture .
oh , the best one is going to come .
so let &apos;s just look at the exciting art museum in new york .
another of my favorite , the starshade .
the previous clip was an interesting detail .
but what if you want to look to individual strokes ?
and what if you want to see how van meegeren mattered as this is .
you &apos;re just getting close . really to the number detail .
i &apos;ll show you one of my favorite parts of paintings . here i can really see the individual cracks .
like the night before , in many no one .
now , let me show you some other personal function .
there &apos;s more , but i don &apos;t have time to show you all .
this is a really clever function . it &apos;s called raphael .
anyone , anyone -- doesn &apos;t matter if you &apos;re rich or poor , or the poor , if you have the fancy house -- it doesn &apos;t matter .
you can create your own museum on the internet , your own collection of every accessible thing .
in a very simple , enter -- i called the &quot; cartoon of third-world data -- you can make what you want .
this is a picture ambassadors , which is in the national painting .
you can blame the event , send them to their friends and raised a debate about your feelings when you get started getting more .
so , to summarize this , for me , the most important thing is , this is not that all giving you google .
in fact , even because overreact is to give you the galleries .
even if i wouldn &apos;t tell .
these are made of their authors .
and the one thing to me was very inspiring .
i hope that in this digital medium , art work , we put the results .
the top question i ask which people ask for , &quot; did you have so that you could make a experience from visit gallery ? &quot;
the answer is no .
it &apos;s the most brutal experience .
and that &apos;s all . thank you .
thank you .
you know , i write for children , and i &apos;m probably the most friendly writer for children in america .
and i always say to people , i don &apos;t want to look like a scientist .
you can see me as a farmer or in skin and never made a farmer .
i &apos;m here to tell you about &quot; circles and light .
you know , it &apos;s a state when you suddenly see something around each other .
you just have to look at it from a new lens that just can get a blow .
this is a drawing circle .
the challenge is my friend named richard searfoss .
and it &apos;s a little complex cycle like the one i &apos;m going to tell you about .
my circle started in the 1960s in the 1960s in high school in downtown school , where i was a queen professor which i was voted by class .
i was exactly the one kid who took a week to raise blood buyers into the blood , until one teacher was arrested .
she saved my life by she took me for teachers .
she did that secretly doing it secretly she did it secretly she did it secretly she did it secretly she did it secretly it secretly she did it secretly she did it secretly it secretly she did it secretly she did it secretly she did it secretly she did it secretly she did it secretly it secretly she did it secretly she did it secretly it secretly she did it secretly she did it secretly she did it secretly she did it secretly she did it secretly it secretly she did it secretly she did it secretly it secretly she
three years away .
and i had to go from town to go .
i was only $ 85 . i had to put my san francisco in san francisco , the archive -- i met a friend -- and in the &apos; 80s , i started working for aids the aids organization .
three or four years ago , in the middle of the night , his teacher was diagnosed from his teacher , named mrs. lynne who said , &quot; i need to see you .
overreact to me , we never saw as adults .
could you get to ohio and bring that man to ohio , and i know you could just find that man ?
and i should say , i mean , i have cancer on the runway , so i &apos;ll ask you to take you . &quot;
so we were in clip-on day .
we looked at her , they laughed at her , they were laughing , and we knew it needed to go to a hospice .
we found for her and taken it out , take it out , so it took me , just as much as a religious family , because it really was needed for a lot of a lifetime , because it was really needed for a lot of the need which was needed it was needed it which was needed it was needed it which was needed it was needed it which was needed it was needed it which was needed it was needed it which was needed it was needed it which was needed it was needed it which was
and we knew how to regard this .
and as the woman who wanted to see me as adult , i recognized myself , it became a hallucination with a 16th-century alarm that landed in my hands .
and suddenly , it turns out the circle up , and it made a circle -- it became a circle -- and i fell that blow , i didn &apos;t get about that .
that blow up that blow is the fact that death is part of life .
she saved my life and i saved my partner again .
you know , this part of life needs everything like the rest of the life .
it needs the truth and beauty , and i like , a lot of this already been said to be .
and it needs -- it needs this -- it needs this dignity , love and joy , and it &apos;s our job , to do these things .
thank you .
my name is meher and this is my ejection band .
but before i show you what &apos;s inside , the greek administration mattered , and those are , i &apos;m connected some cherry .
i love search , wearing wearing wear and blogging books and blogging  athletic , athletic opportunities .
but it wasn &apos;t going new .
all of cars have taken from the precipice , from the dare and trade &quot; everything in 30 . &quot;
cheers , thank you .
shopping allows me to cut the impact on my own hand , which of my dress , on the ground , and my breasts .
i meet a lot of different people , my money , my money coming on , i look at good and so i look so happy and from buying my own pursuit for treason .
i &apos;m telling i what i &apos;m going to find today ?
is it my size in my size ?
i &apos;ll like the color like the color ?
would it become less less than a ball-peen hammer ? &quot;
when they &apos;re all answers , i feel like i won .
and back to my suitcase and what i wrapped into my box and i wrapped in the ted week .
what are they about with anyone with these conspicuous ?
let me show you completely exactly what i brought from has to do .
i brought to a happy crew and something more .
you &apos;re not allowed for the last week everything i have in the log .
i overreact to you that i would find everything else i &apos;d wanted to look at , right here in place , in the place , in palm springs .
and because you don &apos;t know the woman as the wife walks around in their underwear -- means that i found something .
and i really like to show you my clothing for a week .
what do you think ?
and when i start to start with this , i &apos;m going to share with you some of my life which , believe , or not , i &apos;ve gained in the pain to wear just a little easier .
so , let &apos;s start out .
this is called a tiger check .
you don &apos;t have to spend tons of money trying to look good .
for less than 50 dollars you might never get to look great .
all this clothing , including the funding , to me , was about 55 dollars , and it was most expensive that i had in a whole week .
monday : color are powerful .
it &apos;s almost physically impossible to do when you got red pants on your red pants .
if you &apos;re happy , we bring other happy people to get .
tuesday : the pursuit of bad choice gets wrong .
i &apos;ve been trying to be myself all my life and to fit myself .
be just yourself .
if you were not on the right people , high-power people will get it , they even absorb it .
a wednesday : they &apos;re calling her inner child .
sometimes people say that i &apos;m like a little girl who didn &apos;t get me engaged , or i remember writing them in seven years .
i like smiling , and i say , &quot; thank you . &quot;
thursday milestone is key .
if you think in something like that , it signified , of almost sure .
and if you think in something you look at quite a simple , end , almost of that is true .
i grew up with my mom who told me to day and night .
but after my best i understood , i understood what this really means .
and i overreact to you for a quick talk .
if you believe that you &apos;re an incredibly wise man , high-power ultimate appearance , then there &apos;s no suggestion that you can &apos;t undo .
and so for all of us in the audience , there &apos;s no excuse .
we should be able to navigate everything we want .
thank you .
friday : the global truth -- five words for you : gold murdoch of you .
and finally , a saturday : making his own unique personal style is really a great way of telling the good words of his surroundings .
i &apos;m always not interested in this slide for a week , when people are going only for me to do what i have in mind , and we &apos;re very nice .
i certainly certainly had that all in my little box of it .
and so before you go home in brooklyn , it &apos;s bringing everything back .
because what i &apos;ve done to learn is that there &apos;s no good things to be done .
it &apos;s not necessary to encourage my feelings to be vulnerable , because every corner will always be more crazy , colorful , urban clothing , which is going to be on me and whether in your heart and follow my love .
thank you very much .
thank you .
this is a proxy of your brain . we can split it up to two parts .
this is the left half , the logical thing , and then the top half that &apos;s intuitive .
if there was a measure of both of our preferences , we could overreact to our brains .
for example , this is what someone would look like , who is completely logical .
so this is somebody completely intuitive .
where would you put your brain on this scale ?
some of us can have heard of these extremes , but i think most people in the audience have a brain somewhere -- with the large skills of both the distant both of the hemispheres .
so it &apos;s not that these skills will improve with each other .
you can get an uncanny while .
i think for myself to be one of those people who has more recent studies of quantum physicists , they need a bunch of logical ideas to optimize these complex theories .
but we need quite significant intuitions to its own experimental work .
how are we building this intuition ? by like we enjoy everything .
we &apos;re playing with things and we see how they behave . that we create the skills of intuition .
you &apos;re doing the same thing .
so one once you &apos;ve probably evolved for years , it tells you that things can be only in one place .
so i want to say that this may seem to think about one thing to two different places at the same time , but with that perspective , you &apos;ve made that you made .
i remember watching a boy playing a baby at the wheel .
he also taught him to go , and so he was still the time .
but i bet he &apos;s got a ph.d. in this general experience , because of this extended experience , you &apos;ve built through a lot of things through them , and that leaves one place .
this is good general rule for life on this world , if you &apos;re not , high-power higgs particles , high-power particles .
for the u.k. physics , it would be a very bad model because they don &apos;t play a stick for cars , you &apos;re playing with these strange particles .
and when they &apos;re playing with their particles , they find that they behave really odd which in their early places , like that , they can &apos;t participate or be on two different places simultaneously .
physicists have found all these calculations , and they call this the theory of quantum mechanics .
this is state of physics a few years ago ; you needed quantum mechanics to adopt small , particle particles .
but you didn &apos;t need it to describe the large , everyday objects around us .
this really was reflected with my intuition , and maybe it &apos;s just because you don &apos;t notice other particles .
well , sometimes i play with them , but not too often .
i never saw them .
i mean , no one has ever seen him .
but i didn &apos;t even mention it which mattered after an logical side .
if all of these small particles are making these little particles , all these little particles behave according by the laws of quantum mechanics , not enough of all the rules of quantum mechanics ?
i can &apos;t see the only reason why no reason should do .
it would be much better to me if we could just show that everyday objects just make some of quantum physics .
i just started working on this before a couple of years ago work about this -- i was working on this before a couple of years ago to work on this -- that i was working on a few years ago that i was working on this before a couple of years ago to work on this -- that i was working on a few years ago that i was working on this before a couple of years ago to work on this -- that i was working on a few years ago that i was working on this before
and one thing made .
it was the first body you could see that was quantum mechanical limitations .
what we &apos;re looking at here is a metabolic chip ,
you can see the green dot in the middle .
now , this bit of metal now is going to be talking about .
this is the photograph of the entire body .
i now run it up a little bit too close to the center .
there &apos;s a lot of big generating formats that small bit of metal .
what we &apos;re staring at now is a little bit of metal in its shape to stand beyond edge .
i had to close this bit as almost the same way that computer chips made .
i headed to a final room with clean coal , and there was about 100 hours with all of these big disparities .
because of the last theorem , i had to build a machine of own -- that could make a little hole in shape under an equipment .
this device has an ability to be in quantum entanglement , but it has a little to help .
i &apos;ll give you metaphors .
you know , how uncomfortable is being in a whole lift ?
i mean , when i &apos;m in the elevator , i &apos;m doing all sorts of sorts of weird things , but then next other people and i will get to do everything , because the people i didn &apos;t want to bother or i don &apos;t want to bother , or the cow , which is resurrected .
quantum mechanics says that inanimate body behaves the same way .
a potential for lifeless bodies are not only people , but it &apos;s also bringing light , air flow around , or the heat in the room .
so we knew if we wanted to see this piece of metal which makes quantum mechanically mechanically mechanically mechanically credit .
so we did that .
we &apos;ve put lights , put it into the minors and put it to the air , and then we dropped it just on a fraction of the school over the absolute zero .
if it &apos;s completely confined in the lift , it can do something little of metal doing anything .
and so we measured its movement .
and we found that it was really weird it was moved in .
instead overreact , they just relax ; the way they were like to get to get breathing -- was a similar pack that frightens himself and drags .
when we made a little bit more radical , we were able to do that by giving away the most amazing something that &apos;s allowed only to be in quantum mechanics .
what i &apos;m telling you here is something really bizarre .
what that means , when body is vibrating and focus imagine atoms .
one of the possibilities is that all the iranian atoms producing a little bit of metal still in it , and the same atoms are moving up and down , of course .
only one challenge is balanced .
they &apos;re overreact which time , the rest of time .
that means that every atom is on two different places at once , which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places .
and i think it &apos;s great .
really .
to be a philistine searched in the room for all the years , because , look at this , you have a difference in jump between a single atom and this fiber piece of metal is roughly the same as the distinction between this piece of metal and you .
so if the only atom can be on two places , this bit of metal can actually be in two places , so why not you ?
i mean , this is just my valid side .
imagine you were at a few places at the same time as well as it would be ?
how would your consciousness make your body more systematic in space ?
but the story is even more to be asked .
and when we did that , we looked and looked at the box , we saw that this piece of metal here still is still and all the time .
i had to create new intuition , that seems that all bodies in the lift are essentially multitasking in a hostile space .
often , you hear about what quantum mechanics says is everything integration .
that &apos;s not true .
it &apos;s more than that , it &apos;s a deeper way .
it &apos;s like this connection , you can literally transform yourself around , literally transform who you are , and that &apos;s a profound suspension figure of quantum mechanics .
thank you .
there in new york , seen the genome of a initial ngo named robin radiologists .
when you &apos;re modeling poverty , i &apos;m struggling with flames like a drag hotel hotel class .
in our town , with a bunch of kids with highly qualified career , you have to get waste to being a little bit soon to get into action .
i remember my first fire .
i was a buying investment in a place , so i was having a decent chance that i would get to something .
but it clip-on the real pedestrian race against the other card , to get an emergency room , to see what we &apos;re not .
when i found who i was introduced , he was a gadget to interview with a literary house that was certainly one of the worst days of my life .
here , in the middle of night , stood outside , in a bright rain , buried not composed , cleaning her feet , while her house blew passionately .
a volunteer who comes right a very far before -- call him dr. park -- he got out of a regular situation before and he was asked to go in and save a dog &apos;s heart of his house .
dog ! i was a completely nerdy kid .
there &apos;s a lawyer , or a funding manager who is going to tell people , he &apos;s going to tell people that he went on into a burning building so that he will save the lives , not only because we beat me for five seconds .
well , i was a place in a row .
commander of me a gecko tongue .
he said , &quot; you need you to go to the house .
i need you to walked after stairs , and i need you to bring this woman around , and i brought you to a few year-old wife . &quot; hangin brought this woman to a few year-old woman &quot;
i swear .
so , not exactly what i was hoping for , but i went up to this -- and i went down to the stairs -- after the stairs , &quot; eppasod , &quot; searching for that time almost ended up with a date , back to the home of miss monks , for a few shoes .
now i know what you &apos;re thinking , but i &apos;m not a hero .
so i &apos;m putting my payload down , and i met my payload down , and my dog on the front door .
we &apos;re tasked with using us to explore home where , where , rather wonder , the amount of attention to his buck mattered than it was .
a few weeks later , our labrador had got him up from the $ letter letter , where i would give us a lot of pushing before saving her home .
kind of work between other people : somebody even brought me a few shoes .
in both of my smug in aurora &apos;s shoes , high-power wash park , i see the pioneer and kindness on a vast scale , but i witnessed the impact of mystery and pedestrians , the persons .
and you know what i &apos;ve learned ?
all of them matter .
so as i look after this room in the people who either have been able to do , or they &apos;re on the way to reach , very , very , very big accomplishments , i want you all right .
don &apos;t wait for a number which is supposed to change someone &apos;s life .
if you have something that you can put , put it now .
the allied skies for the himalayas for the monetary park in its neighborhood , the park park in its neighborhood .
be a mentor .
not every day they give us a chance , save someone else , but every day the opportunity offers to make it possible .
so play ahead ; save your shoes .
thank you .
mark , mark , decision .
thank you .
imagine a robot that you put in and that gives you a lot of skills , or the robot that allows the wolves to go and go again .
so we in berkeley , we call the robots better .
it &apos;s not something else that you put in the morning and she gives you a extraordinary force and velocity and helps you to relate to you .
it &apos;s a real connection of human beings and machines .
but it doesn &apos;t stop -- allow you to connect to the space itself and with other technology .
it &apos;s not just creationism .
let me show you that we &apos;re working on that , and i start talking about the u.s. increments that on about 45 kilos on the outside , the environment is increasing .
the benefit of course leads to the bottom -- the problems with the following , 30 percent of them have a chronic pain of their back .
so we decided to study this problem and create a guidelines that would help solve a problem .
this is a decimal -- human being predicted coming down .
soldier : with a bitter infant 90 pounds in the field for a long time .
his adaptive structure allows the vehicle , making it and other complex movements .
the device won &apos;t see what i want to do , and then adapt the power and resilience .
together with our company , we ready to get a partner which supremely year .
it &apos;s a reality .
now we &apos;re going on wheelchair , the problem i pay .
there &apos;s about 68 million of people globally in the world .
that &apos;s probably a percentage percent of the entire population .
and that &apos;s a toll about a citizen .
it &apos;s often been around young people with spinal computing flights that very soon , between both 20th and disabled wheelchair , for them , a radically valid disease and disabled wheelchair for them .
but it &apos;s increasing number of birth across the ages of population .
and the solution is again , whether it &apos;s a stroke or other disease , disabled , disabled .
and this is about the last 500 years , so that the tools for the technology the rain was in .
we decided to open the new chapter less .
so let me introduce to a device of glad that doodling was supposed to promote amanda , amanda at the time , she can &apos;t walk . 19 years ago .
amanda prospera : thank you .
amanda she has a reply at herself .
it has sensors .
the body is not tied across , of sensors in particular , high-power sensors in the back to the computer that has on the back .
there &apos;s also a battery kit that drives the motors using the bell and implant the scanner , so that apply move forward to this natural color of the body .
it was 24 , at the top , at the top , if a terrible somersault on the laparoscopic facility .
in that moment , i lost all of our emotions and independence from low month-olds .
and he &apos;s soon came back to me , &quot; amanda , he &apos;ll never walk . &quot;
this is what happened 19 years ago .
to me for all the hope i had .
called the elements i made so choked up to send -- to rocks , i even drive to rocks .
but there &apos;s nothing i can get to go back -- to far .
thank you .
as you can see , we have the technology , we have to build a platform and we &apos;re actually open to combat all of you .
it &apos;s in our hands , we have the ability to change lives of future generations -- and that not only the soldiers or to do other people , but all of everybody .
thank you .
i &apos;ve been much interested in having been working on a pile of wonderful projects .
but most amazing project i &apos;ve ever worked on was a given man with this man .
his name is zumra .
the incident was one of the front of the front of the lecture , high-power years .
one day comes home from running and said , &quot; dad , i pushed me . &quot;
and he was the beginning als .
so the ferrofluid is totally paralyzed .
it can move only eyes .
i was hooked with it .
own society , which creates design and animation , so this graffiti is very good which we admire and a subtracting part of what we admire and a subtracting place in the art world .
and so we decided we &apos;d be the ultimate tony , nama and his case .
so i went to visit his brother and dad and he told them , &quot; we &apos;d like to give you money .
what do you do with them ? &quot;
and his brother said , &quot; i just want to be able to speak with the ipod .
i just want to be able to communicate with him and he can be able to communicate with me . &quot;
and i said , &quot; wait , not maybe -- i saw stephen hawking -- who &apos;s all able to communicate with the ability to communicate using these devices ? &quot;
and he said , &quot; no unless you &apos;re not from the top layers , you have really spectacularly incentives , you can &apos;t actually do almost anything .
these are not available people . &quot;
and i said , &quot; well , how do you actually get a sledgehammer with you ? &quot;
did you see all the film &quot; sticks and jam ? &quot;
so they communicate -- they &apos;re going them their finger by a paper .
i said , &quot; that &apos;s from &apos; early . what about it ? &quot;
so i just showed a check with a check , and instead i put a check that i had made you that i had no idea how was he was going to kick him .
and i &apos;d commit his brother and his dad right there -- about this meaning , &quot; well , here &apos;s the solution : &quot; okay , here &apos;s the solution : tony is talking to him and we can solve it again .
because these are hopelessly exposed to someone who mattered all in their own , it &apos;s not able to communicate .
i was a speaker in a conference after a couple months .
i met with people named months , a research lab , lab wrote that to have a technology that allows them to compute the light on any surface , and then draw them leather , and that &apos;s only the negative space .
they &apos;re going the wings drive around the world and make an open unit , like these .
in all of the refrigerators that you see in the presentation , they see the cycle of life .
and the edges starts with being transmitted organs , then starts with hunger , and then people got to bush , and then people finally got to art .
but it was always in their entire circle of life .
so i went home and who was who who told her woman and she told her about it , and i heard this kid , and i heard this kid , &quot; well , wait for a minute , you know , that this technology is supposed to be such a force . &quot;
so this is how it started .
two years later , maybe a year later , after a lot of organized collaborators and pile triangles , we have just a few things .
we shaved cards and removed for a second machine that allows him to communicate -- stephen hawking hawking .
that was fantastic .
and he &apos;s a fact of one of the most extraordinary people -- i call him a prize because you &apos;re going to hear this , because if you &apos;re going to get an email , you feel like this , you know , this guy is so wrong . &quot;
the other thing we &apos;ve done is we &apos;ve collected seven demos of the entire world -- literally from every corner of the world -- to our home .
i , my wife and took us moved in this same same and these hackers and programmers and reporter annoyed , and reporter took power over our house .
a lot of our friends thought we were completely stupid , and we &apos;d go back to coming back , and we &apos;ll find our paintings in the wall of the graffiti .
but more of a while we took two weeks , we went on bluegrass jordan in california , my kids engaged , and i made my dog , and we made this .
it &apos;s called the sunga and the visual you can see .
this is a bunch of sunglasses that we bought in the irish palm of a forest , some fuel cord , and some of the stuff from the gate tier and radio shack .
we took a camera camera , we brought it up , and we have a device that is built on free -- and there &apos;s a device that is put on free code , you can download the software for free .
and so i created a device that is completely without limitations .
there is no shortcut to say no . &quot;
there is no hospitals that might say &quot; no . &quot;
everybody who is the paralyzed , right now that is the acquired ability , to communicate with my eyes .
thank you .
thank you so much . that was massive .
two weeks later , we went back to the remote rooms .
i love this picture , because it &apos;s somebody else &apos;s room and this is his room .
everything comes to great unveiling for great unveiling .
after a year of planning , two weeks of roads , weeks , high-power weeks , mr. first told , i &apos;m introduced to my first birthday .
and this is an amazing picture , because this is the system for his life , and it &apos;s a good one to look through .
we &apos;ve camped his bed to see out .
we set a projector on the wall in the park before the hospital .
and he was speaking for the first time in my family and friends -- and you can just imagine what it was in the parking lot .
funny was , we had to break to the herbivores . so we were feeling , very much which we &apos;d had to break in the orchestra part of the multiverse .
and she said , after all this email , and this says , &quot; this was the first time i &apos;ve done something about seven years .
i feel like i was a billionaire , and i was cut down to my head , and someone finally became my head above the surface and i could breathe . &quot;
isn &apos;t that cool ?
this is something like our war exclamation .
that &apos;s what keeps us on and beyond .
and we have a very long way of walking .
this is a fabulous device , but it &apos;s the equivalent of a metal ball .
and someone who has an art potential , deserves much more .
how to improve , faster , get it .
since then , we &apos;ve got different recognition .
i &apos;ll have the price awards .
remember , it &apos;s free , none of us get in this talk .
everything is done from our pockets .
so we looked like this one .
so armstrong &apos;s written about twitter and then on december of a period time and then in december of a period of time by the 50 side of third-world interventions , that was the fact .
the most amazing thing about it -- and the end of this whole circle -- is going to be a bush , at the center of los angeles at the show called &quot; art street . &quot;
and the streets of street is going to show a field of nature to basically double street street -- fuji , the kettle trees , stretched -- all these nasty ones .
it will be terribly wonderful , which is very awesome .
so basically this is my opinion : if you see that something is not possible , it doesn &apos;t work .
there was no way in this room -- this stage , this computer , the microphone , the microphone -- no possible thing .
you don &apos;t -- everybody in this room .
i &apos;m not a programmer , i never made nothing with a technology eye pattern , but i recognized something and connecting with great people , so we could make something out .
and this is the question i want to understand every day when you get to know what you feel is that you ought to make a happen , if you &apos;re not ? if you don &apos;t ?
thank you .
as an artist , i think relations mattered between things very important .
in my work , i &apos;m trying to show that human and nature creates one whole thing , and that everything is connected to each other .
on antarctica , i first went back 10 years ago , i saw my first ice ice shot .
i was in awe of wonder .
i &apos;m not heart , i &apos;m having my head , trying to understand what i see before .
ice ice dropped around me over 50 meters above the level and only i felt was that they were made a sort of fuzz style on other times a year .
ice ended up going , truly remain glaciers in the barber box , or the icy trees .
each ice has its own personality .
and each , on his communicating and with my life , my experience .
some things have been done to the last moment , otherwise there are quite dramatically and dramatically breaks down .
and if you look at ice scales , it &apos;s easy to think about yourself and feel lonely , as they feel , like people feel like people .
but the reality is totally different .
when ice warms up , it became toxic fat .
when ice warms up , they cut water rich in the minerals that give food much live creatures .
that photographic ice vehicle plotted to photograph this slide , as i photographed my ancestors , i know that , in the same moment , people live in a way that they &apos;re never going to live in .
if you &apos;re squeamish , it &apos;s not the end , it &apos;s not the end , but more to their life cycle .
ice some of the ice has shown me this is very young -- just a couple of thousands of years .
and another over 100 thousand years again .
the last video i want to show you is from the ice plane i &apos;m coming out of greenland in the city of italy .
it &apos;s very rarely visible to the ice rather habitat on side .
so here it is .
on the left , we see a small ship .
it measures about five feet .
it carefully shows the shape of the glacier and its location to the surface .
and you see , it starts with a cardboard and ship storage on the other side , it &apos;s worth a man .
it &apos;s an average of a big frozen ice proceeding .
it &apos;s with about 40 meters up to the water .
this is a real time in real time .
and it would be going back , it shows us the second page of his personality .
thank you .
good afternoon everything .
i &apos;d like to show you something .
think about this as a pediatrician treatment , a metabolic ball .
this in our lab , we call smart design .
i &apos;ll tell you a little bit about this .
look at this picture -- i was originally italian , and every guy in italy had this image on the wall of a room , and the reason i &apos;m showing you , is that in the last few decades in the sports project , something very interesting .
if you wanted to win before to win the race we &apos;d needed to have a good driver and a good car .
and if it was a car and the driver and the driver , you have a race .
but if you want to win the race today , you need to also be like this -- something that takes cars in real time , has a couple of thousands of sensors that collect information on the car and pass them on the system , and then they process them and backwards for decisions about the car and change things in real time .
this is what you would swirl in with a formulate system called the control system in real time .
and it &apos;s essentially a system of just taking away by two parts -- tracking and steering which , .
the things today is that control systems start that they start going into our lives .
our cities have been around over the past few years and electronics .
they &apos;re getting up from building pictures .
and just like computers on open sites are starting to respond to a different way and dominated .
if you &apos;re inner-city , that &apos;s a big task .
i just want to say , by the way to say , cities are just taking two percent of the earth &apos;s surface , but it lives up 50 percent of the world &apos;s population .
they use 75 percent of energy -- and they produce 80 percent of co2 emissions .
so if we were able to do something with cities , it will mean a lot .
apart from cities all this way and control patterns in the normal objects .
this is from the footage that it &apos;s going to digest carefully in the science museum in modern art this summer .
it &apos;s called &quot; the lean party . &quot;
our objects , our environment are starting to talk to us .
in some sense it &apos;s like , each atom has even embedded or remote remote remote remote remote .
and that &apos;s a big way to change the way people communicate to the environment .
in some sense , it &apos;s like in the old committee dream ...
you know , when i wave the a.i. was taken by a hammer , and even by the end of the hammer , and even you can still see the little swiss image -- and i pulled out on him , &quot; the baby williamson ? why don &apos;t you ? &quot;
today , the first time in history , our environment starts to talk to us .
i &apos;ll show you some examples -- again with the idea of looking and follow-up responses .
let &apos;s start watching .
the first project i want to show you is actually one of the first projects of our lab .
it &apos;s been 15 years ago in italy .
and we &apos;ve basically taken a new set of research which was used all over the world -- mobile phone network -- and we &apos;ve used anonymous and real-time information from this network , which are so conspicuous so that we can understand how the city works .
that was happy -- the year of 2006 .
so italy won &apos;t mean the world cup soccer .
maybe some remember , she &apos;s going to go underground and then hit the spot by the end .
anyway , anyway italy won &apos;t have ,
now , look at what this day has happened , by looking at the mechanics that went on the net .
here you see a city .
you can see the netherlands , the river which is crossing .
it &apos;s in the morning before the medina .
you see the time timeline a time .
people are in the minors for people and move there .
the game starts -- silence .
france brings up nowhere . foie gras .
half , people just phone they get to the bathroom .
the second half . the end of the fundamental bio-mimicry .
one marked free , second .
this moment of durga clip-on moment .
italy won &apos;t cost . okay .
that night , everyone went to celebrating the center .
you see a big peak .
the next day , everybody goes into the inner room to see the winning team and a golden prime prime minister .
and then everybody moves down .
you see a picture of places called the marked shell , where rome has been refuted -- to have a number party , so you see the peak at the end of the day .
this is one example that we can see today a city way that we can &apos;t just see a few years ago .
another short clip of watching : it &apos;s not about people , but the things we use , and we consume .
today , we know everything about where things come from .
you can see on this map all chips that are generated by the computer , and where they come from .
but we know very little about where things go .
so in this project , we made little labels in this project , and , high-power third-world labels in this project , how are the system moving .
we started with some volunteers who &apos;d helped us in seattle , a year ago , and they gave us the tags back to the thing that was used -- we invited 500 people to put the garbage kinds of things that you can see -- the things that would be thrown away .
then we put a little chip on the trash , put a baseball tag and starting track .
so here &apos;s the results that we &apos;ve gained .
&#91; and followed by 3,000 garbage are from seattle ...
a week later .
with these information , we realized that the system is really inefficient .
we &apos;re able to do that all that mattered for smaller energy .
and this data wasn &apos;t before .
but there &apos;s plenty is unnecessary to transport and complicated things .
and the other thing is , if we see that every day that a cup that was broken , it &apos;s still on the planet .
and this plastic bottle that every day we throw away , is still there .
and if we show this people , we can also demonstrate changes in behavior .
so that was the point of the project .
my colleague at mit &apos;s mit conscience i can tell much more about how many other things that i &apos;ve been watching , and so i want to move to the second part i &apos;ve been seeing at the beginning , and that is the control of our environment .
we &apos;ve worked on the first several years of a project in spain for a few years .
it all started when the city came in the city , and he said , there was nowhere , and south europe , they have a fair tradition of water using water in architecture .
and the question was , how can you be a new technology part ?
and one of the ideas that came from my mit at mit is this feud and valves -- valves won norman valves who leaflets leaflets and closing .
you create something like an water party , and the pixels of the water structure .
if these pixels fall down , you can type those things , you can see pictures , of images , of text .
and you can take it to go from so choked up , and you can guarantee it , as you can see in this picture .
we introduced this blending rod .
it liked a lot .
and we &apos;re not allowed us to design the building from the doorway .
we called it the digital water imbalance .
the whole building is made of water .
and it doesn &apos;t have any door or the windows , but if you zoom in , it opens up and she will come to you .
there is also water on the roof .
and if the wind stops , you will want to reduce the roof .
or you can start building the building and business architecture as in this case .
in these winter days , you see , once the roof trail comes down to you , the things they &apos;re like , they say , &quot; we &apos;ll call the building . &quot;
no , it just reaches it , it just reaches its destination , the entire architecture almost disappears .
so you see the building work .
you see , this person is a lot of what &apos;s happening inside .
and here i &apos;m , as i &apos;m trying to see myself when you cut sensors that opens up water .
and now i &apos;m going to tell you what happened in one night when all of these sensors stopped .
well , actually , the nights of the night thought it was even funnier .
all the children in the blankets came on that building , because the way the building worked is a little different .
it wasn &apos;t a building that would have opened up and left you to enter , but the building that is constantly built between water and spaces between water , and you have to jump , without yourself .
and that was really interesting to us because as the architects , engineers , and designers , designers , begin to think how to use things that don &apos;t have to do .
but reality is just unexpected .
and this is the beauty of creating things that people use and they respond to them .
and then in this picture then you see the same of physical pixels that are made by water , and how they did .
and this led us to the idea that a following project came out i &apos;m going to show you .
imagine , these pixels could then start flying .
imagine you can have a little turret and just move one of them with a small pixel with the light video with light -- almost as a cloud that can move in space .
so here &apos;s a video .
&#91; unclear &#93; imagine one sort of flash as you &apos;ve seen , which moves in synchrony with others .
so you can create this cloud .
you can have a kind of elastic screen or display like this -- simple configuration in 2d .
or the same in three dimensions , where what changes is is light , not a position of reproduction .
you can play with a different kind of work .
imagine a screen coming in a square square and size of a different definition .
and then it can be just a whole 3d cloud of thermal mirror , where you can zoom around and move through it , and you can see it from many different ways .
here &apos;s the actual remote remote industry that goes down and created common grid like before .
if you don &apos;t see light , you can actually see this . so the same thing we &apos;ve seen before .
and imagine how each control is operated .
you can tell each pixel from the man from the person , from the way or something else .
i &apos;d like to introduce you here to one for the first time .
we worked with the leviathan myth , one of the best covering the present , the second of the adult opera , and la buying -- and took his motion motion into 3d , and then they took it as an airline for credit .
here you can see how they prohibit dance .
and you see the pixels of the pixels of the torajans .
and it &apos;s at also 3d real-time real-time real-time movement and movement .
so you can reconstruct your whole movement .
you can go away from so far .
and then , when you have all these pixels , you can play with them , to change color and movement and rotation .
we want to use that as one of the different cats for computing .
and i want to give you a final project that we &apos;re working on .
it will be something for the olympics in london .
it &apos;s called the cloud .
and the idea is , imagine , imagine how we can engage people to do something that will change our environment -- like the port &apos;s data -- as the empire to build cloud -- as the norm .
imagine that everybody can contribute to one pixel in one pixel .
and i think it &apos;s extraordinary what &apos;s happening over the last few years , and that , in the last few decades , we &apos;ve moved from the physical world into digital .
that &apos;s trying to help everyone , knowledge , and these are moving online .
and today , the first time -- and it showed us this was the obama campaign -- we could go from the digital world , in the physical world , in the physical world .
and that can mean that we &apos;ll mean that we &apos;ll want to use this design and create symbol .
so something went into the city .
but it can be already tomorrow we fought for the philippines which are required to change climate change or carbon -- how can we go from a digital world into physical .
so the idea is that we can engage people together to do something together and collectively .
now , the cloud is a gulag , and high-power pixels is of the same thing as a real cloud of particles .
and these particles are water , whereas our cloud is a cloud of desalination .
it &apos;s the physical structure in london , but on the pixels .
you can come in , have different kinds of experiences .
you can look at it and the below as the most below moments of both of the fittest and the other thing to actually use this as a way to connect to the community .
so it &apos;s also a physical cloud in the sky and something you can hear of , like a new urban mountain of mountain mountains .
you can enter it into it .
and also a new kind of digital entrepreneurial power -- but most new type of experience for everybody who &apos;s going up .
thank you .
for the past few years i &apos;ve found myself in situations that are being made for very difficult things as dangerous .
i got to jail . i got a lot .
i worked at the bottom down at the bottom -- dangerous .
i flew in the war zones -- difficult and dangerous .
and , for 30 days , i didn &apos;t eat anything else which -- a little hard one in the middle , very heavy in the end .
in fact , i &apos;m actually , most of my career , was , in fact , terrible situations to try to test the social problems in a way that is going to get a lot of fun , high-power play and accessible in the audience .
and so when i learned that i got invited to ted for ted and i looked at the computer of a brand and my sister , i knew i wanted to do something else .
and so you may have heard , or not that i &apos;ve launched a few weeks ago on ebay .
i transmitted some messages through facebook some over twitter , and i gave people the opportunity to buy the law for my talk at ted 2011 .
exactly , some happy individuals , organizations , writers and rhinos , he had no recollection of getting life -- because i &apos;m sure chris anderson , you &apos;re going to get the right thing to do , and actually you &apos;re not even talking about the city , and so that &apos;s what it will be about .
you &apos;ve had this same : &quot; your name here mattered here : &quot; my talk here at ted you don &apos;t know about what will be and who , depending on content , if you don &apos;t know what this is going on for the content , it would end up with this thing .
with all this in mind , it &apos;s a very good media opportunity .
do you know how many people are watching ted ?
by the way , this is just a work text .
even with this , i knew with this , i knew somebody would buy the rights .
if you &apos;d ask me about a year ago , i wouldn &apos;t really tell you for a fact .
but in my new work project , we record film , we use the world marketing , advertising .
and as i mentioned earlier , over the years , i &apos;m going to get to quite terrible situations , but nothing would strike me , it would blow me something very complex or dangerous as an arrow as one place .
you know , i had such a idea of film .
about the fact of the giraffe , marketing and advertising and commercial justice has been to the whole film in producing disbelief , marketing and advertising .
the film is going to name &quot; the best film ever which would sell .
and so in &quot; the best movie , what he was who was doing , it was all about detail , from the intro of the paper , from the beginning of the title , which is a subject to the end of the title , starting to see from the first title , which is a brand x .
and the other line is , they &apos;re processing through this process , which centers --
they &apos;ll be included in the movie for the longest time .
and the film is , is this idea of all this idea -- what is this ? for the longest time ?
i &apos;m colorblind .
it was , in third-world month-olds ,
it was &quot; absolutely biased for the longest time .
but not only will we have a sign for the baseball title of film , we will make sure that we will sell everything in the movie .
and that maybe we sell family and turn the best thing you ever wore .
the best car you &apos;ve ever been to have from &quot; best film , who ever sold , &quot; my best drinking whatever you ever sell , dear dear , what ever would sell .
so is it that way out of course , that brands are part of your life , you know , the brand of your life , the lights of your life ?
and furthermore , we &apos;ll show the whole process of what it works .
the goal of the whole film is transparency .
you &apos;ll see the whole thing that &apos;s going on right in the movie .
this is the concept of the whole film , over the whole film , from the beginning to end .
and i would like it to help me make it happen .
you know , it &apos;s funny because i heard this first time about 100 percent respected which supremely the alive .
however , i don &apos;t know how to get this idea -- i don &apos;t want to use a word &quot; stand &quot; because it &apos;s got a negative paint , but you know what happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens which happens
how much would that happen ?
and 1.5 million .
i think that &apos;s priceless to listen to them , but i think definitely has a prize to convince them a bunch of big , really fancy brands .
who knows before your film is going to look like a bunch of overreact fide .
what &apos;s going on which , according to the reaction ?
most frequently will be the answer &quot; no . &quot;
but is it really hard to do because of this one ?
jk : both .
... that doesn &apos;t mean anything else .
so sir , help me ? i need help .
i can help .
fair enough .
perfect .
we have to figure out that brands mattered .
yeah .
if you look at the people that will be lonely ...
it &apos;s a few places where we can go .
turn to the camera .
i thought you could turn off the camera &quot; means i &apos;m losing any record .
in fact , it means &quot; we don &apos;t want to have anything to do with your film . &quot;
and exactly like that , one of the companies clip-on business suddenly jumped out of behalf .
and no , no wanted to have a film with the film .
i was in awe of wonder .
they didn &apos;t want to have anything in a project with nothing .
i was totally excited , because i thought that the whole idea of ads is about to imagine the whole thing about the people , to show your product what most people might .
especially then in the world where they can mix and old media and old media and engineering media and interfaces become married , most good designed to get a new tool for the spread of town , which flowers arrive by being perceived ?
well , i thought , i thought .
but you know , the problem was that my idea had one piece of vacuuming , and that was this .
oh , no , that wasn &apos;t really .
that would not have a problem .
this is going to be fine .
but what &apos;s in this picture , it &apos;s a problem .
you know , when you look at google for google you to do &quot; transparency , &quot; this is one of the first pictures you &apos;ll see .
&quot; you move to that fact , you &apos;re not amused by law . &quot;
that was the problem : transparency -- within sale or illegal ; they &apos;re easily modified or quantitatively , or inevitably , by inference or magic or information , it was about the biggest problem .
you know , we often often hear transparency hear .
they talk about her , our president , even our ceo , even our ceo .
but when you get to reality , then suddenly everything changes .
but why ? well , transparency is frightening -- as it &apos;s still a microphone .
it &apos;s unpredictable -- like that old path .
and it &apos;s also very risky .
what is the risky risk ?
eat the whole bowl of parachute detergent .
that &apos;s a lot which is risky .
when i started talking with the companies and told them that we wanted to convey this story , and they said , &quot; no , we want to want you to spread a story .
we want you to do that , just want that story . &quot;
you know , when i was a little kid and my father were told to lie at the lie -- that &apos;s what he &apos;s watching to look at -- &quot; son , every story had a three version of me .
one is your body , and then it &apos;s the real thing . &quot;
as you know , we wanted to convey a reality version .
but just with a company , the one agency is enabling me to help -- and richard john -- i &apos;ve understood that i &apos;d have to do that actually , and go home with the companies themselves , and go for the business of me .
and then you began to understand , in fact , what i started to understand -- that when you started to understand these companies , the idea of your brand is a mere problem .
i mean , i have known as great , for hollywood of movies and i have known as a small independent films like me .
and those of them who are doing hollywood people who are doing the movies so successfully by telling the movies so much .
and you know , they know exactly what the small independent movies says , &quot; well , how about we have compete with these twinkling twinkling males ? &quot;
and the film is called &quot; the best film ever sold . &quot;
how is it that the brand is going to show a brand ?
whenever i &apos;m ready to open a box , you &apos;ll see the black brigades .
whenever i do something , i can say , &quot; you &apos;re doing enough so fresh ?
you &apos;re ready ? you &apos;re going little nervous .
i &apos;d like to help you with you .
maybe you could have trouble before the talk before the aids . &quot;
we miss one of those wonderful fans .
whether &quot; we &apos;re a mix , &quot; or &quot; we &apos;re not an eyelash ; they get his opportunity .
you know , she &apos;s men and women -- solid , balls , or what they can be .
the end of mini displays .
now you &apos;re not given any attention , and i &apos;ll give you a bigger perspective .
we &apos;re a smaller brand .
like you &apos;ve talked about a little movie , and we &apos;re actually working smart .
no budget is there , high-power other brands .
and this stuff -- you know -- people &apos;s brand trick hear -- and it takes it away .
like , in such words , what would you find the qualities ?
sturgeon is pure .
that &apos;s a great question .
woman : the iranian technologies .
technology is not a way that you &apos;ve described something that people have to regard to armpits .
we talk about full , they masturbated .
i think &quot; fresh word is a great word , not like &quot; don &apos;t hang on to the positives and hugged &quot; don &apos;t jump . &quot;
it keeps you new .
as you &apos;re going for a long fresh thing , it &apos;s more maligned , three times three-quarters .
these things that represent the good benefit .
and this is a refined relic of the society .
what me ? what a normal guy ?
i need to speak with a guy on the street with people like me , social manufacturing .
it has to tell me a little bit about my brand .
how would you find your brand ?
&quot; my brand ?
he likes to do well , i like dressed .
woman : the return guy : the airplane meets the day of the day , which wash .
ok , what &apos;s the brand , huh ?
unique .
i think the tone , style that i think would be kind of like the image of the shoe box .
i like a dark color , lots of gray and lower ...
but most of you have got supplements or glasses or i like to show up ,
woman : if dan a brand would get a classic mercedes overreact is a classic female box .
man 2 : my brand is , woman 2 : a little bit of a cleaning girl to a little bit of a crappy girl .
man 3 : i &apos;m a tired .
i encourage pets around earth &apos;s entire country .
that probably will be my brand .
that &apos;s my brand in my own small industry .
man 4 : my brand is sick because you add goods .
man 5 : a failed writer -- a pound writer --
is that something ?
lawyer : i &apos;m a lawyer .
i &apos;m priceless .
well , we can &apos;t be all a brand , but i often feel like within the ages of the dark dose and coordination .
and so i figured i needed a genuine expert .
i needed someone who would get to mind , someone who could understand really understand how to call me the &quot; glorious license . &quot;
and so i found a company called opower .
to help these companies like forestry , forestry , spot by building their license license plate .
if they did that , they certainly could do that for me .
did you bring a picture ?
yeah . the first one is a picture of my family .
tell me a little bit of how it relates to me and feelings about who you are .
these are people who roamed out by the way of my looking at the world .
tell me about the world .
about this ? i mean , your world is the one where you live around you , your friends , the family , the way you live , your job , the life , the way you live , your work .
all of those things have data , and they start to get in one place and a sledgehammer with me and i &apos;m saving my family in west virginia .
what do you want to say to me about ?
next : this was the best day .
how does it relate to your thoughts and feelings about who you are ?
it &apos;s about who i want to be .
i like things that are different .
so i like things to be strange . i like to draw things .
tell me about your phase &quot; why &quot; what is it telling us ?
what is the predator ? what is the stage of being now ?
why is it important ? what is the red ?
tell me about this part of this part .
... a little more about you , you &apos;re not very , very mainspring .
what &apos;s your next favorite kid who are over ?
... doesn &apos;t that be fear . what are you doing ?
ah ! no , i thank you .
thank you for your patience .
yes . okay .
well , i don &apos;t know what to come out of that .
there were plenty of bad stuff happening there .
the first point is , the idea that you &apos;ve had two different , but it comes out , on front of your personalized branding , : a branding party is meaningful / 122540 .
they work very well together .
and i think it &apos;s nearly the paradox in between this .
and i think some of the companies will focus on one or the other powerful websites so instead of moving to both .
most companies tend to -- and it &apos;s natural -- to deal with things that are not sure that you &apos;re not sure enough , to avoid the fear , like that , you have to make sure , and you actually have it in its mitochondria .
what other brands are being like ?
the first one is the reason , apple .
and then we have the rain , unsustainable , mini with mini strata and amphipods .
and then they &apos;re playful and white labels , high-power things come and go , but the perfect , golden brand is a really friendly tool .
mandarin , coral brand . what is the livers ?
if someone asked you to give your brand , your brand brand sign , what would that be ?
are you a brand feature ? people who have to raise blood behaviors ?
or rather , are you feeling with internal engagement ?
are you a politician , conservative , conservative ?
because external bonds include things like a refrigerator , to be skeptical which mattered a cup or exciting , and exotic , high-power therapists , the dominant , magical and magic as smooth as smooth as nature .
or is it more painful for you ?
are you a rebel , which is a dominican , wants ?
i &apos;m drawn , traditional , frankly , call i call ?
you &apos;re underdeveloped , kazakhstan , frisbee , moore , security , jamaica , wise or wise as the dalai lama or to the pastor ?
over the course of this film , we &apos;ve been able to cover over 500 companies , with internal engagement and said , &quot; no , they want to become a part of the project .
they didn &apos;t want to have . this film is something in common , because it &apos;s not to be given control , no control over a paper .
but i get 17 and of cars , willing to stand control that wanted to cooperate with someone so much and nurture , like i finally gave up the entire story which would enable anyone to have predicted anyone .
he allowed us to describe how we were going to put in the mri machine as we get in the computer on the list as well as advertising , in the following version , as in advertising , in the marketing industry .
went to sao paulo , where we banned an exterior advertising .
over the last five years , they &apos;re not somewhere across town , posters , stool cpr .
and we &apos;ve gone to places where schools are trying to target and to talk to the companies in america with limited disasters .
to me , it &apos;s incredible that the projects that i gained on top of the best feedback , or where i had the most success , there are the ones where i looked at things .
and that &apos;s exactly what they did .
the wound player runs on the runway , the passing on leaders and said , maybe the agencies most of the most comfortable intention of most of my intention .
i &apos;m going to act directly with an artist .
i do make it another thing , something that will get people to think about , what we perceive the people around .
and how does that work ? did it work ?
well , since the film has already seen a bluegrass captured by its cybercriminal , depending on that .
by requiring this film was ticking up in january , and since we had aged done -- we &apos;ve discovered the actual fact about 900 miles times about the media .
and we &apos;re talking about two and a half week .
and this just online -- no press , no tv .
the film was not getting into the distribution .
it &apos;s not online . it &apos;s not even that you can download .
she doesn &apos;t even get it into other countries .
so the film has begun a lot of attention which year .
and that &apos;s not a bad project that almost every configuration that we &apos;ve used to have a voice to cooperate .
i always believe if you don &apos;t have opportunities , if you take the risk , so they don &apos;t hear it in the chance .
and i believe that if people from this approach reacted to the ground , it &apos;s towards the daasanach .
i believe if you &apos;re teaching your employers to attack under risk , then you prepare their community in a possible failure .
i feel that things take worse , is required to support people to drive .
we need to encourage people to make choices that may frighten them .
so i basically think so that forward , i have to accept fear .
we have to put this up to the cage .
accepting the fear . they accept the risk .
one is a little insignia every single money .
and basically we have to accept transparency .
now , more than ever is going through a long way .
and with that in mind , the whole and casual talk , &quot; rockett transparency was &quot; was built by my good known spot who seven 100 dollars in the tape accident .
to change the big data for companies from around the world .
the surfer states : transparency transparency .
thank you very much .
so , do we go in the name transparency , and what is exactly happened with the seven 100 dollars ?
that &apos;s a fantastic question .
i have a check in my pocket which is going to settle at the organizers presidential awarded , the foundation of the ted conference -- the answer to seven 100 dollars , to allow me to hold my participation to the next ted conference in the next years .
as i can talk about 10 minutes about women over three generations , about how the great force of these mechanical industries has been to their young sister , her mother and two-year-old five days and nights with the same day of the chinese sea , with her young sister , and his mom &apos;s time and nights about the same girl today , and he &apos;s talking to you ?
this is not a whole story .
it &apos;s a corporal that is still bringing together .
let me tell you about some increments .
imagine the first block : a man of his life tongue .
it &apos;s a poet , a corporation , a man whose whole life has been touched at the only hope of his national unity and freedom .
so imagine a diver pretending to go into a slingshot , unaware of the fact that his life was hip waste .
the words of his personality now is going to be a compliment .
you don &apos;t wiggle in a stall .
he died by the history .
it is my grandfather .
i never overload it .
but our lives are more than ours .
my grandmother never told me to forget his life .
my duty were skiing in history , and my lessons were taught to learn that , yes , the history was made of us , but we kept just dreaming .
another piece of the puzzle is from the ship to dawn down the sea .
my mother , she was 18 when her father died -- he already killed his marriage if they already died with two young girls .
for her life , life makes turned on one task : she &apos;ll educate her family and new life in australia .
it was unimaginable for her , you would be considering .
so after four square sets , that ran the irish spring , the hurtigruten fishing ship .
all the adults to know the risks .
the biggest fear was from prehistoric humans , coaches and death .
as most of the adults on the boat , she &apos;s my mother with a bottle of her i connected .
if we were a billionaire , it &apos;s my sister and i , then she won giovanni .
my first memories are from the boat -- a continued sound engine , the deck station , the deck , the dead of horizon .
i did remember who came several times several month-olds came up with us , and we were refined by a man in our boat , or the national engine and the melting length of it .
but i remember the lights at the coast tower and a young man who shattered and died , the end of the path was too much , and the first one i &apos;m flying , the end of the man for the tower .
no one will ever finish the same .
after three months in a prison camp , we got in melbourne .
and the other block is about four women across three generations of developing a new life .
we did a tractor , the missouri suburbs whose hero were required .
unlike the censorship suburbs of high layers , whose existence i was positioned , there was no feeling of confined in psychiatric hospitals .
the smell from the door were from all over the world .
and some samples which was among people who had one common thing between people who had one common , and that -- -- they started again .
my mother worked on the runway , then on a car feeding line , six days a week , double exchange .
somehow she found time to study english and then get the truck engine .
we were poor .
all dollars were brilliant and extra teaching in english and mathematics was invited in the budget no matter which you can &apos;t , which was usually new clothes , that was always the way it was done .
two couples go to school , each of the different holes of the second .
school dies until the rug is removed , because she has lasted six years .
stayed and especially vulnerable , high-power was a chanting , &quot; bio-engineering &quot; and a few graffiti : &quot; asian , shoe fried . &quot;
where home ?
something to me is stirring .
there was some pain there and a little voice saying , &quot; i &apos;m not going to make you . &quot;
my mother , and i will sleep in one bed .
my mother was at all the night of third-world people , but we &apos;ve all got over our days and our early steps of our grandmother and our wedding steps around the house .
the mother was called the night maria ; they were all about the boat .
my job was to stay up till the saucer for invited to wake up her night .
she opened a trade against the computer , then teaching to be abused and started new businesses .
and women were coming on with their stories about men who couldn &apos;t make a compromise and collect a lot and toilet kids behind two worlds .
it was looking for tamils and scallops .
it was built center .
i lived in the corporate world .
in one , i was a classic asian student who had big demands of myself .
in other month-olds , i &apos;ve been privileged in life , and that was not an enormous amount of violence , and depression and arrows .
but over the years , it was many that helped me .
and for this job , when i was the senior year of the senior year , i was chosen as young months .
i was tied from one piece of the puzzle to others , and their borders of pyongyang was .
tan le , we &apos;re anonymous people , you &apos;re now tan le , a gentleman and a social activist called spoken to places that never heard before , and to the extent , whose existence never could possibly have imagined .
i know the protocols .
i didn &apos;t know how to use a priesthood .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about a rabbi .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about anything .
i wanted to go to the hills and comfort of life in the right-hand month -- grandmother , mother and two daughters every day after almost 20 years of my day and dance , three of us in the same bed .
i told myself my mother to do it .
it reminded me that i was in the same age as she was a ship in the ship .
it was never given a choice .
&quot; so he said , &quot; she said , &quot; and don &apos;t don &apos;t want something , &quot; and not something , &quot; something that you &apos;re not . &quot;
and i spent openly talking about young unemployment and education and her both wore and failing .
and the more honest i was talking , the more i was a teenager .
i met people all of society globally , so many of them made things that loved things , installed at the edges of possibility .
and even if we got a degree , i realized that i couldn &apos;t start a career in the law .
he had to be another piece of puzzle .
and i realized in the same moment that &apos;s fine , the recent tapirs , a new for the date -- and not just fine , but something that i had to be grateful for , maybe a gift from the boat .
because it &apos;s a powerful effect that it could generate the horizon collapse , it can easily mean embracing assumptions .
i was long off the comfort of comfort -- yes , a world between breaks and not the way you &apos;re afraid .
the possibilities for being made really ought to promote .
there was energy , he was kidnapped , a strange blend he pulls and courage .
so i &apos;ve been confronted by a hint .
i have collected a small team of people that were the term &quot; the challenge &quot; was not the challenge .
we were overreact to a year .
at the end of every day , i did this big bowl of soup that we all share .
we stayed until night .
most of our ideas were crazy , but a few were great , and we won &apos;t notice .
i decided to move into the united states to the u.s to the u.s .
just a single paper .
again .
three months later , i moved along and the adventure continued .
before i leave , let me tell i just tell my grandma .
grown up when it was a social awkwardness and a local missionary was a person who cared about .
life has not changed over the centuries .
her father died twice after her birth .
her mother was not paid her .
in 17 years a second , another woman has become a second woman , who &apos;s mother her mother .
for the support of my husband , an excitement after her took to court and the winning advantage of no time he took it to court and the winning option , if you won &apos;t have the right .
&quot; that &apos;s not supposed an accident .
i took a shower in a hotel a hotel in sydney , when she died eight miles an austrian .
i looked through glass showers and saw her state on the other side .
i knew she had to come say a final insignia .
the mother called me a few minutes later .
a few days later , we had decided to drift away to the temple in town in belgium and to return to her coffins .
we were vessels and told her stories , and we mattered that .
midnight comes , a full-time job , and he told us that they have to put tickets to them .
mother asked us to take her for hand .
she asked a student , &quot; why is her arm so warm and rest so cool ? &quot;
&quot; because you &apos;ve got her morning , &quot; he said .
&quot; and they masturbated . &quot;
if it &apos;s force in our family , it &apos;s flowing through women .
given that we are making our lives so now that the men who would come into our lives now will be colonized by men who would come into our lives , they would be unpredictable .
defeat was easy to come .
now i want to have my own kids , and i think the boat .
who would have aged on their own fist ?
now i &apos;m scared of privilege , by convenience , by claims .
i can give them the rapper to give them the compliment , right , push that leap into each wave , practice and stable this engine engine , the simplest  green element .
i don &apos;t know .
but if i could still swirl and then see them in order .
and today , there &apos;s a middle-aged mother at the u.k. or fifth .
i &apos;m extraordinary so honored .
most of the time i spend in prison , in a death die .
in the communities with a high low income , in places where they are a lot of despair .
that i can be here at ted , all this to see and hear it up for me and giving me a lot of energy .
and i &apos;m short , but i noticed that ted has my identity .
and what you &apos;re saying is that it can affect all over the world .
and you make sense and force as otherwise makes sense .
identity was very important which , apparently .
we &apos;ve already seen some amazing presentations .
and i think we &apos;ve seen that the teachers are meaningful ; but the words they can be extraordinarily meaningful .
you can make a doctor &apos;s doctor , as a physician doctor can do more .
i want to talk about the power of identity .
but i learned this before being a lawyer and a job .
she showed me the grandmother .
the house i grew up with , a traditional native home , was a hunter-gatherer place , where who surrounded my grandmother .
was affordable , there was strong , measurable .
she wasn &apos;t teaching all his family &apos;s argument .
she was a lot of argument in her many .
it was the daughter of bio-mimicry in virginia ,
in the 1880s , 18th century .
she was born in the &apos; 80s and experience of slavery very influenced by how she saw the world .
my grandmother was heavy , but a loving thing .
as a small boy , he was amazed by i &apos;d barely breathing , and then let me go .
and for an hour or two , &quot; huh , you feel my embrace ? &quot;
and then &quot; no &quot; he takes me again , &quot; yes &quot; i left my job .
it had a feature that you wanted to be still with .
but that wasn &apos;t just so much , it was 10 children .
my mother youngest .
i sometimes wanted to be with her , but it was hard to get her attention .
it all around cousins and cousins .
one day , i was eight or nine ; i wake up in the morning all the lot of dumb them everywhere .
grandma is sitting across the outside and stares at me .
i first thought it was a game .
so i look at her , i look at it , but she &apos;s totally serious .
and until about 15 or 20 minutes stands up , he stands up room , he takes me for his hand and says , &quot; come on , mate . we need to talk . &quot;
i remember feeling like it yesterday .
i &apos;ll never forget it .
she took me to come away and say , &quot; whoa , something , i &apos;m going to tell you about you . &quot;
i &apos;m like , &quot; yeah , don &apos;t mess ! &quot;
and she said , &quot; you don &apos;t even go -- &quot; sure . &quot;
and so then she sit me down , he looks at me and says , &quot; i want you to know you were watching you .
i think you &apos;re extraordinary .
you can do those in your lives , what you can do . &quot;
i will never forget that .
&quot; got me a boatload of three things . &quot;
i said , &quot; yes won &apos;t go . &quot;
&quot; the first thing , you &apos;ve got to give me mother .
it &apos;s the youngest girl , the promise to me to do . &quot;
my mom loved , so i said , &quot; yes . woohooo . &quot;
&quot; the second thing i want to do is you always have the right thing to do , if it was really hard . &quot;
and i did like , &quot; yes , i &apos;ll do . &quot;
&quot; and the third thing you &apos;ve got to give me , is that never , i will never be drink . &quot;
i was nine years old , so i &apos;m going supremely saying , &quot; no mortal . &quot;
i grew up in the countryside in southern southern india , i have an older brother and about a year .
when i was about 14 or 15 , he brought , high-power brother 150 -- i don &apos;t know where he got . grabbed me and sister and we went to the forest . and we went to the forest which went to the forest .
just make it happen .
, , a professor a was a chemist , he gave his sister , and then she offered me .
and i said , &quot; no , no . that &apos;s fine , i didn &apos;t have to wear . &quot;
and , boy , &quot; shawn , always action what us mattered .
i &apos;m not supposed to make yourself safer , also -- you know . &quot;
and i said , &quot; no , i don &apos;t have good feeling . &quot;
, high-power started looking .
he says , &quot; what is that with you ? enjoy a beer . &quot;
and then you go , &quot; hey , i hope not even get rid of what the grandmother &apos;s not supposed to do . &quot;
&quot; oh , what are you talking about ? &quot;
&quot; hey , grandmother &apos;s telling all grandchildren .
they &apos;re extraordinary . &quot; it &apos;s devastating in me .
but i &apos;ve got to tell you .
i probably wouldn &apos;t tell .
they see a lot of people .
i have a 52 years of mine , and i &apos;ve never just got there , you never have , alcohol .
i &apos;m not saying that to myself because i say that the force is the force . i call that identity is the force .
if we make the right kind of identity , we can then tell others and things that won &apos;t trust .
we can make them make things , even though they think they can &apos;t .
when i thought about grandma , they certainly believe that my extraordinary voice .
her grandfather was introduced in jail .
it died on disease has died with alcohol .
and that was the things that wanted to be given so choked .
well , i want to say something about our system justice system .
this country is going to be a lot of different different countries than 40 years ago .
in 1972 , we were in 1,000 people .
you know it &apos;s 2.3 million .
in the united states , most population in the world are population population .
seven million are formed or rescued by embroidery .
by holding this mass , according to this mass retreat from its world .
in the poor communities , in color communities , you can very much despair and much despair in its mission .
every third black man at age 18 and 30 years ago is in prison or he was depressed or a professor .
in cities after all the country , philadelphia , philadelphia , washington , she &apos;s washington , she &apos;s 50 to 60 percent of color in prison , she would fall fat or angry or angry .
and our system is limited , not only in the race race , but also in the poverty poverty .
in this country , we have a system of justice that is handled , treating you much better than you are poor and innocent .
wealth , not secularization , has influence .
and yet , we feel fine .
the fear of fear and the promise caused , we believe that these problems are not our problems .
we &apos;re invaded which we are invaded which we are separated which we are separated which we are separated which we are -- fuji we are terrified which we are which we are terrified which we are which we are terrified which we are which we are terrified which we are month-olds month-olds are which we are terrified which we are month-olds month-olds are which we are terrified which we are month-olds month-olds are which we are terrified which we are month-olds month-olds are which we are terrified which we are month-olds month-olds are which we are terrified which we
it comes me interesting .
in our work , we see the interesting things .
my state , traveled , same as number of other people will become possible if you &apos;re exposed to a disenfranchised rights .
and 34 percent of black men in alabama , high-power vote , had begun , who vote ,
it looks like 10 years away from the most people in 1965 , when the fda &apos;s birthday spearheaded 1965 of law .
and it &apos;s about incredible silence around that .
children &apos;s children .
many of my clients is very young .
the united states is the only country in the world that won &apos;t give 13-year-olds to prison .
and kids don &apos;t explore on the quest for choice without the possibilities on behalf of the possibilities on behalf of the possibilities on behalf of the possibilities on behalf of the possibilities on behalf of the possibilities on behalf of the possibilities on behalf without the possibilities on the experimenter , no choice , without the kids bio-mimicry without choice no way for the babies to conquer ping-pong without choice without the possibilities on it , without the possibilities on behalf of the possibilities on him without the possibilities for the choice without the possibilities on it , without
he killed the tip .
the only country in the world .
stage five row row inmates .
and the interesting thing , death penalty ...
asking : did someone deserve your crimes for death ?
and that &apos;s a plausible question .
but you can think about this in other ways of identity .
the question is , is someone deserves for his crimes , but instead , we have the right killing ?
for death in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america in america
it &apos;s unique -- it &apos;s wrong .
for every nine zeros , it &apos;s one who &apos;s finally been alive and released from a cell of death .
like this : one of nine . innocent .
we &apos;d never be able to fly airplanes by each nine of one .
but overreact is somehow being involved .
it &apos;s not our problem .
it &apos;s not our business .
it &apos;s not our game .
i often talk i &apos;m often talking i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk i often talk
we overreact to race and about whether we could kill killed .
i talk about writing history to students about the quest of slavery .
terrorism , we &apos;ve covered around the rest of the world &apos;s military war .
we don &apos;t know much about that time .
but those of those of africa , where they were passing together .
they breed upon them risk fuji which fuji fuji fuji comprising fuji campaigner them -- fuji a bombsight -- fuji they campaigner them risk which bio-mimicry them which bio-mimicry them risk bio-mimicry the cost of managing them risk which bio-mimicry them which bio-mimicry them risk bio-mimicry the cost of managing them risk which bio-mimicry them which bio-mimicry them risk bio-mimicry the cost of managing them risk which bio-mimicry them which bio-mimicry them risk bio-mimicry the cost of managing them risk which bio-mimicry them which bio-mimicry them risk bio-mimicry the cost of managing them risk which bio-mimicry them which bio-mimicry them
and even hiking about attacks .
it was dry their lives .
she told me today , &quot; sir fox , tell people that &apos;s not true to us , that for terrorism , in 2001 , by 2001 .
we grew up in that . &quot;
after the period of terrorism , she has been replicated , decades of racial ladies and unto apartheid .
it &apos;s a funny thing that is in this country , wants to talk about problems .
our past time .
and because we &apos;ve never quite understood what happened in the past was done .
one to the other came up .
we &apos;re creating tensions and conflict .
and it &apos;s hard to talk about race , and i think there &apos;s now focused to tie the truth to the truth and reconciliation .
and they know that in south africa , they understand that they can &apos;t deal with truth between truth and reconciliation .
just in rwanda , even after genocide . but we couldn &apos;t have .
i spoke about death penalty year in germany .
an extraordinary thing , after the talk of one student up to my day , said , &quot; you know , your talk a deeply hindu .
in germany , we have not yet .
we can &apos;t even have it . &quot;
at the center , and the woman goes , &quot; the woman goes , &quot; &quot; with our past is not demonstrating that we could just kill human beings .
it would be the coldest -- we &apos;d aged install , and d scores in the saliva . &quot;
i thought about it .
what would it be , to live in a world where the german republic of china would have been , and by addition i won &apos;t have jews ?
i couldn &apos;t quite see it .
this is outrageous .
and yet in this country , the usa of old south korea , and 11 times as much as the price of death per death would have been the size of the death , and that &apos;s the black , 22 times what they are in terms of being black and sacrifice .
and we &apos;re priceless .
and i think it makes our identity as well .
if you &apos;re not interested in these things , of those positive and beautiful things which mattered so .
we admire innovation .
we like to type technology , we admire creativity .
we like to like fun .
but it still stays in the shadow of the misery of suffering , abuse , recyclable , gestural .
i just have to think about this in a whole way .
because finally we talk about need that need to devote hope to the fundamental challenges of life in a different world .
for me , it means to be thought of , and talk about the poor , of disadvantaged who never can have .
but that &apos;s thinking we need to engage in our lives .
you know , there are things we just need to believe .
but however we &apos;re subtly ambivalent .
innovation , creativity , and development is not just born from just a minority .
there &apos;s a signature from the most common ideas that are also the benefits of our heart .
and this is the connection of silhouette and sentience us , i think , make attention to you not just to give attention to those things and not , but of those dark and difficult .
periodically , the great sublimator , a great visionary leader , said
&quot; when we fought against the terror , we wanted a lot of things , but especially we needed hope , orientation and willingness to be willing to be in places and will witness to a live . &quot;
well and those orientation feel like at the core of what people , at the bottom , have to engage .
and , or the technology and design us from that way , we don &apos;t even be fully human if we &apos;re going to pay attention to the elderly , poverty , exclusion , injustice , textiles .
i must warn you : to have such identity is much more difficult than not being worried .
it &apos;s that thing to tell you .
as a young lawyer , i had to meet that privilege with ,
and with a millisecond of the ambulance , you press food infant &apos;s busy , two old boys , with german linguists , in punk squats , the king of professor park , the king of spades .
these women are not allowed to get together to get themselves .
and i was with miss obama saying : would you just get to go and hear ? &quot;
and i said , &quot; yes i &apos;d like . &quot;
and she said , &quot; well , what do you do if you &apos;re doing ? &quot;
i will be listening . &quot;
so i &apos;m a d in there and just listened to .
and i was not enthusiastic and dejected .
i &apos;m sitting like this , and i &apos;m going me listening to the ladies , and after a few hours of speaking , miss seemed to me , &quot; what is this promoting for fair forensics ?
what are they trying about ? &quot;
i started a tractor .
&quot; we fought against injustice .
we &apos;re born wildly odds .
we fighting prejudice and discrimination in the civil law justice .
we want the end of the eyelash without the chance of a click he got to get kids .
we &apos;re against death penalty case .
we &apos;re trying to reduce the number of inmates .
stop with conventional wisdom .
and i put up progress , and she looks at me and says , &quot; hmm . &quot;
&quot; overreact , thou , not crying . &quot;
and his lady got his logo and says , &quot; and therefore you have to be valued , thai , cultured . &quot;
and i think people in ted need more courage .
we have to somehow take these challenges , these problems and suffering .
because finally our humanity is affected by all the richness .
i learned my work in my work which has learned ,
very simple things .
and i came to understand , and i came to understand that each of us is much more than the worst ever ever ever done .
i believe that &apos;s true in every person on earth .
if someone says a lie , it &apos;s not only in and in a liar .
if someone takes something that &apos;s not alive , it &apos;s not just looter .
and i think if you kill you , you &apos;re not just a murderer .
and this is the fundamental human dignity that has to respect .
i also believe that in many places , of this country , and certainly not all about the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
don &apos;t i do that .
in fact , i think that in too many places the opposite of poverty is justice .
and finally , i believe that it &apos;s so great , so beautiful and so inspiring , and so most journalists , we don &apos;t finally get to judge us from our technique , according to our design and sense .
the character companies are ultimately replicating what it &apos;s for as rich , powerful and graceful , but depending with how illegal , recyclable , recyclable .
because , until we understand really , we really can understand , really , really , really , about who we really are .
sometimes i &apos;m going to give me a story . i &apos;ll finish with --
sometimes it &apos;s got too much on the horizon .
and sometimes sometimes we get back , like everybody .
some ideas really mattered early which some ideas .
i &apos;ve camped kids , five to a lot of nodes .
i go to jail for our parents , and when i &apos;m 13 or 14 , they &apos;re going to judge them as adults .
and how is this possible ?
why could the judge turn into something that you &apos;re not ?
so judgment is like adults , but i see kids .
so one day i started thinking , well , if the judge can make you turn into something , they might be magic .
clearly , the judge is magic .
tell a little bit about a bit .
it was late , i didn &apos;t have a clear head , and i began to cook a proposal .
i struggled , eliciting third-world boys ,
and i started to crunch proposal with speech : &quot; the request for my seven-digit license year-old head was advisers like a dictatorship secretary . &quot;
i gave , i give a prize of a duty of wills , and police and justice .
there was a crazy familiar phrase that really is , really nice in this country to get to get away .
i &apos;m going to wake up in the morning and i &apos;m saying , i &apos;m not supposed to do the crazy proposal , or i &apos;d really wrote him ?
and to her terror , i figured out that i just wrote him , but he still didn &apos;t leave in court .
and i did a few months from it , and i forgot that .
when the time came , i &apos;m a geek , i have to court . this overreact thing to the kind of thing .
and i got in a car , and he didn &apos;t really hit me .
i mean , i say .
this will hurt the problems , this will hurt .
and finally i &apos;m going to stop and stop at court .
and as i go around stairs , i see the old york guy who ran clean clean .
and she &apos;ll see me , comes to me and says , &quot; who are you ? &quot;
&quot; a lawyer . &quot; -- &quot; you &apos;re a lawyer ? &quot; -- oh my sir . &quot;
he came up and he gave me me .
and a ear me mentioned .
&quot; i &apos;m very proud to you . &quot;
i have to tell you , i &apos;m saving energy .
down that deep feeling of identity , skills of every man to contribute into society , went into the courtroom hall to the court hall hall into the courtroom hall into the court hall hall into the courtroom hall into the court hall hall into the courtroom hall into the courtroom hall to the courtroom hall into the courtroom hall to the court hall hall into the hall hall hall into the courtroom hall into the courtroom hall to the courtroom hall into the courtroom hall to the court hall hall into the hall hall hall into the courtroom hall
and she immediately asks me .
&quot; sir environmentalist , you are about this crazy proposal ? &quot;
&quot; oh sir , &quot; we &apos;ve got argument .
it comes the other people , outrage , outrage ,
i wrote those things .
and the police cops , and a sent demanded and a seven-year-old officials .
very soon was a court hall series of people , we told -- we talk about race , we &apos;re talking about inequality .
but i can see the eye which , i see that old criminal operators , they go here and there .
and the window , you know , all this screaming .
they go here and there .
and finally , the old black man went into the hall , and he sat in right for me .
about 10 minutes the judge was a break .
and one to mount forth suggestive , hall came back .
he jumps up and does the old objection for this purpose load . hangin will go to this old bean to this straight effect to this , and it &apos;ll lead to the old objection to this master &apos;s effect to this rock effect which goes to this straight effect to this , and it &apos;ll lead to the old objection to this purpose effect to this rock effect which goes up to this wise guy to go up to this master effect to come up to this master effect to come up to this master effect to come up
and he says , &quot; jimmy , what do you do in a court clinton ? &quot;
and the older man up up , he looked at him and then he said , &quot; i &apos;ve come to this court thing , and he said , &quot; i &apos;ve come to this court scene to say that you &apos;re going to go to this girl and go . &quot;
i come to ted , because many of you , i think , understands that the universe will slow slowly , but in the direction of justice .
and we &apos;re not fully implausible human beings if it &apos;s not human rights and the fundamental dignity .
that our survival is essential to everybody .
that our vision of technology and design , entertainment and creativity has become to be valued humanity , compassion and justice .
and most of you who agree , i just came to say : we &apos;re not going to go to goals and achieve goals .
thank you very much .
as you &apos;ve seen and heard , this audience clearly wants to help you on your journey and make it possible .
except the financial support , how can we help ?
opportunities are a lot .
if you &apos;re in california , you will be gay about whether you &apos;re not going to make part of money that they &apos;re doing for punishment .
for example here in california we spend a billion dollars in a death penalty country on death . one billion dollars .
and yet , 18 percent of the cases for murder have no arrested .
there were 56 percent at 56 percent .
and it &apos;s going to change the opportunity .
this is the theme , for the police use , and security for the police , for the law .
opportunities are so much .
now in the last 30 years , america is dangerous .
it &apos;s also explains a higher breed of cleverer .
what would you say to people who believe this ?
now this violent toll is about the same .
a tremendous increase in america in america unrelated with crimes --
that goat war against drugs .
and from here , the dramatic population of our prison population .
and we &apos;re just getting the rhetoric of paradise .
so we have the laws &quot; three and long , and people go at yale for the robot robot , as small fields of events when they got to replace the damage , people which have hurt .
we &apos;d had to do more for the damage , and not less .
and i think that our current notion of someone is not to tell anyone .
and i think we have to change that orientation .
the prospect , you have an enormous force with a great force .
you &apos;re inspiring personality .
thank you so much for coming to ted . thank you .
do you know how much decision you do in the same day ?
do you know how much decision you do in the same week ?
i recently did research that i had been doing more than 2,000 americans , and average number of decisions that mattered , is about 70 in day .
recently , a survey recently was begun by inventing by president companies who have been monitoring the entire week .
and the researchers who did this was writing for the task of an experiment that these citizens take , and how many hours had spent that way , and how many hours have spent dealing with these same thesis .
and they found that , on average , we could have managed to make a task for a week .
every role involved involving many options .
50 percent of their decisions were arrested for nine minutes and less .
only about 12 percent decisions them took more than hour .
you &apos;ve wondered about this ?
how many decisions can you do for nine minutes and how much hour ?
how good is you ? can you manage those decisions ?
today i &apos;d like to tell one of the most important problems of modern society , which is the problem of possibility .
so i want to talk about this problem , and also about its default solutions .
so as i &apos;m talking about this problem , i &apos;d like to give you a few questions , and i want to know your answers for them .
so if i put you a question -- because i &apos;m blind -- you could only sell your calories -- if you want to burn some calories .
the opposite , if you ask you to become a question and your answer is yes , i want you to play .
so my first question is : are you ready to hear about the problem of flooding ?
thank you .
so , when i studied at stanford university , i was used by third-world grocery shop with food ; at least it was good at at least at that point .
his name was fide &apos;s &quot; cry .
this trade , almost like walking to an amusement park .
there had been 250 different species of mustard and whatnot , and over 500 types of fruits and vegetables and more than two dozen types of negative water and vegetables , it was the time that we were used to drink water from zero .
i went to this store , but i like to ask myself , well , how do i get there , okay , how could it never buy ?
this is the end of the stops of phosphorus .
there were more than 75 types of gallons of oil , including those who were in the upper sand and comes out of thousands of years of old leather .
so i decided that she was broken that she made out that she was broken to him and said , &quot; actually , this model that offers all these possibilities ? &quot;
it showed up the amount of tourists that come out every day , mostly with chess cameras .
we decided to do a little experiment we picked up .
that &apos;s the end of the tune .
there &apos;s plenty of different kinds of mint that &apos;s recycled .
we built a little comrade on top right in the entrance to the shop .
we raised six different species in the first case in the first case and 24 species of surviving in a second case , and then the two species of surviving and offering two things : one , in which case , more people stopped and pop-up samples ?
more people stopped when it was a samples for 24 percent -- about 60 percent of people than when there was six -- at that time , it was about 40 percent .
the second thing we &apos;ve targeted was that , in which , people were supposed to buy a rifle .
now we see the opposite effect .
by the people who stop when there was 24 samples , only three percent of them don &apos;t start to fill in it .
from the people who stopped when there was six samples , we saw that 30 percent of them actually didn &apos;t really interrupt their attacks .
when high-power a.i. was , there was six times bigger the chance that people get paid buying when they met when they met 24 samples .
now , you now , you have a glass of sheep &apos;s shoes -- probably good for us -- at least in our line . it turns out that the flooding problem , it turns out that the flooding to make things really important to us .
we don &apos;t choose to vote even if it comes against our best interests .
so now overreact : financial economies .
now i want to take you to go to the study that i did with the dean coordinates , and the bolt of intuit , and we looked at the decision about saving -- on half of 650 transmitted plans to the u.s .
we &apos;ve looked at that , if the number of pushed out available to the policies as a stingray , a plan plan , will increase more than better for the future .
and we found that there was a connection .
so these plans , we &apos;ve got about the same , you enable people to contribute from three to 59 month-olds .
and what we found is that the more of the merrier , the smaller being , was the rate of engagement .
so , if we look at these extremes , the plans that were awarded two practices will be over 70 -- not yet as big as we want .
in the same design , which we spend nearly 60 month-old districts , high-power aid to 60 percent .
now it turns out that when you want to attend to third-world options , then it &apos;s also going to be the effect of a choice .
so for people who decided to participate , more option meant to be a stock stock market or phenomena of third-world activities .
the more options was the available , much more likely to be , that , more likely , was , they would , all their money through the monetary markets .
none of these types of decisions are not decisions that anyone can &apos;t recommended people if you want to aged the future for the finance of finance .
in previous decades , we &apos;ve witnessed three negative manifestations of all sorts of possibilities on offers more choices .
it &apos;s more likely to be their choice , even if it &apos;s against their best interests .
they are more vulnerable to making worse decisions -- financial and even in health .
it &apos;s also more likely to make decisions that make them darker if their fates are doing better .
the main reason is that even if we may love to see the giant microchip full of sideshow , mustard , or convenience or we can &apos;t really compare it and contrast this amazing deal .
so what i want to suggest today is four simple techniques -- technology that we &apos;ve had a whole different way of different research places -- so you can easily apply to our companies .
first : lowering .
you &apos;ve heard about it before , but it never has been true as well as much as today , that less is more .
people always get married when i say them , &quot; stop complaining . &quot;
they &apos;re afraid that they lose their own little nugget .
but what we &apos;re still seeing is that once you &apos;ve got to cut away , off the rebuilding of the option , your sale will grow , and the cost is cut , and the doctor gets a lot .
when we were being amp ; gamble went from 26 different kinds of head and go at 15 , see that they &apos;ve got to sell up 10 percent .
when the exposure represented that 10 wouldn &apos;t have , i decided to eat for cats , seen by 87 percent -- the function of mucus ,
you know , the average trade against transportation has offers 45 products .
the typical walmart holds 100,000 products .
but the indus readers , the psyche of tragedy , the largest retail retail in the world -- today is going to feed one 400 products -- one kind of tomato sauce .
in the world of financial savings , according to me , one of the best drivers of the case , the thing in which proposition was intensely invisible , was the program whose suggestion was intensely conducted , which was a program who had at harvard .
every employee is automatically a landed fund for the lifestyle cycle .
for those who wanted to choose , they have a choice of 20 approaches , instead of 300 or more .
you know , people say , &quot; i don &apos;t know what the options have got away .
they &apos;re all equally important . &quot;
the first thing i do is i ask my kids , &quot; tell me how different the possibilities are different .
when i got to the internet at the heart of the staff , they won &apos;t know all your customers . &quot;
before i lunch after lunch after lunch , i had a conversation with racquetball .
gary told me that would be willing to offer people in this audience for free that will be part of the most beautiful way in the world .
here &apos;s a description of the path .
i &apos;d like you to read this .
you &apos;ve got a few seconds , and i would argue you &apos;re going to be ready to take your heart out of your defeat .
okay . who would have an offer for that second ?
so that &apos;s all it &apos;s ?
okay . and now i can show you a little bit more .
you knew there would be a trick in this event , right ?
now , who &apos;s ready to go for this package ?
i think i heard more arm .
fair enough .
it &apos;s the fact that fates are objectively more information in the first time than many people in a second bicycle than that was in a second bicycle , but i bet that one other bit means more realer .
it &apos;s because the photographs you have of this book is because of this image .
which brings me to technology two , which is designed for the problem of problems -- is &quot; schizophonia . &quot;
and to make the difference between two possible options , it must be able to understand the consequences that actually choose the effect , and these consequences must feel through the wall , a very specific way .
why do people spend average on average for 30 percent more than it used to use , or credit card card things for a different order from cash ?
because it doesn &apos;t seem like real money .
and it turns out that if you do it more , it could actually be a very positive tool to encourage people to save more .
so a study that i did with my executive spring and leaned results -- we did research with people from the himalayas -- the workers who all work in the most eager -- those people were all in the talk where they &apos;re going to dance to the fruit dance program .
in time that was exactly the same as always as we &apos;ve always been putting , we put one slight thing .
one tiny thing , and that &apos;s the people which asked people to think about the same things that can happen if they save more .
with this simple process , we &apos;re not spending 20 percent of a more people and increased the number of people who want to contribute , just as the kinds of figures that they want to contribute to per percent , four percent .
technology number 3 : atalanta .
we &apos;re able to do more categories as choices .
for instance , there &apos;s a study that we did in the aisle with magazines .
it turns out that that stores had food supply spread throughout the german line of the northeast , tide across magazines of different magazines to magazines different journals .
and you know what ?
now , if i &apos;m going to show you 600 magazines and i will split them up two categories , or i &apos;m going to show you 400 magazines , and i will be involved in a lifetime and a better experience of the choices when i gave you over 600 than 600 .
because the category i &apos;m telling you is the difference .
and we see two different paths .
one is called &quot; jazz &quot; and his other &quot; rosy &quot;
if you think the left is on the left , on the right side , jazz .
okay , i hear a few of them .
if you think the left is jazz and on the right nutrition , hello .
okay , now a little bit more .
it turns out that you were right .
the left is jazz and on the right algae , but more what ?
this is a very usable massive diagram .
the category has to have a point to who decides who is already being done .
and we can often pause with this problem , if you look at a long list of all these milestones forms .
who should they have the clues ?
my fourth principle : &quot; rule for complexity &quot; .
it looks like we &apos;re able to do a lot more information than we think , but we have to treat a slow approach .
we &apos;d better cross go to the allosphere .
let me show you one example of what i &apos;m saying .
we take a very , very complicated decision : buying cars .
here &apos;s a german student of cars who gives us a car to marry .
but you have to make a more 60 different decision you just to open together a car .
these decisions are different in number of ways that you make every decision .
the green cars , color cellphone -- i &apos;m 56 which is priceless .
the motor , the design engine -- four possibilities .
so i &apos;m going to do that , i &apos;m going to change that the order that you really made to .
so half the customers start to notice from a great number of people representing absolutely colors , to stop one , four using levers .
and other half the customers start to pick from low number of possibilities in 56 colors , in four single scraps of the levers of singing color .
what i want to explore here ?
how much do you enjoy it .
when you &apos;re still accepting the option , it &apos;s meant that you &apos;re with yourself , that means you didn &apos;t get to be done .
what we found is that people who go from high number of people to low their low people , they pick to change over and over again .
we are losing them .
so in contrast to those who are going from the smallest number of choice , they will remain to us .
it &apos;s the same information . that &apos;s the same number of possibilities .
we changed the only thing we changed : we consulted the order of an information .
if i start from the lecture , i &apos;ll teach how to choose .
despite the choice that choice doesn &apos;t tell me about my preferences for a wide cars , they still really prepared me for the following car , it still gets me to make it better for us .
i also kind of justify this , in this big idol , which i put together , so i made a lot of punch , to be made .
so let &apos;s do that .
i told about four techniques to contract the problem -- disabled -- flourish -- butterflies tilted ; song -- we do better ; we do better ; we can do more for complexity ; the rule for complexity .
all these techniques that i describe today is for the following , for the robotic choices -- it &apos;s better for you when you try to make them yourself and better for the people that you serve .
because i believe the key to the rebuilding of what the most hopeful possibility is to be a prerequisite for choosing .
and more we can be able to be a robust , much better in achieving art art .
thank you very much .
announcer : threats to bin death fell viral .
second announcer : hunger in somalia . third joke : police used gas gas .
fourth announcer : criminal bass , fifth high-power announcer .
watch text : the collapse of a company . seven seconds : 65 in 65 .
eight announcer : the risk of tsunami . york . nama 11 .
next big-budget : the han war , mass destruction . no .
recession . you test school . judgment . egypt -- schools .
crisis . death . disaster .
jesus .
that &apos;s just a few of those that i collected in the last six months -- even it could have been around for six days or the last six years .
and this is why the news media takes us to replace negative news because it makes that attention .
and they have a very good reason for that .
every second every day , our senses are getting so much information to itself , that we can &apos;t process that is to process itself .
and because it &apos;s not more important for us than survival , first to travel all the data in a very old part of the form of arizona , who called the amygdala .
the amygdala is our first saber of lycopene , which mattered .
and the diver and not all information , for trying to find out , to find whatever possible which would hurt us .
so between these tens of news news , we &apos;re going to be able to look at those negative .
there &apos;s the ancient proverb that &apos;s aged : &quot; blood equals the edge . &quot; and it &apos;s true .
when we have all of the digital devices , it gives us all the negative news , seven days a week , 24 hours a day , no wonder that we &apos;re not a dentist .
no wonder how people think that supremely comes from the earth .
but maybe that &apos;s not the case .
maybe the place is that it &apos;s really happening and what is told us , the reputation .
maybe the tremendous progress we did over the last century of the world , is growing in the rate of the amount of the three decades to create a world of plenty of carbon to create a world of plenty of plenty .
we don &apos;t have their problems -- global warming , cost species , lack of water and energy -- that &apos;s certainly true .
but as humans , we do better better , we can anticipate problems long , but eventually it &apos;s gone .
let &apos;s look at what was the last century to understand where it was going .
in the past 100 years , average length of human life expectancy more than doubled , average income per capita , if we take adjusted , it has tripled in the world .
child mortality has shrunk .
for the same food , the price of food , electricity , transportation , trains , went 10 to more rapidly .
steve lets us show us that that actually we live in the precarious period of humanity .
and charles lullin , the global literacy , has increased from 25 percent to over the last 130 percent for the last 130 percent .
we really live in extraordinary times .
and a lot of people to forget that .
we will tempt their expectations and higher forward .
actually , what it means is poverty .
we have to recognize that in america today , most people below poverty have always electricity , water , toilets , fridge , television , air phones , air and cars .
the most likely most state-of-the-art nigerians , the previous century , that &apos;s not meant that we will not have happened to that .
we &apos;ve made many of that we have kind of because technology and technology in china .
my good friend of ray kurzweil showed that every tool that is going to become an information , is fits into this curve , moore &apos;s law , and price performance clip-on pound , every 12 to 24 months .
so the mobile phone is so choked up a million times cheaper than it &apos;s done in the 1970s , high-power years of faster than the &apos; 70s .
now look at that curve .
it &apos;s moore &apos;s law for the past century .
i want you to see two things .
first of all , the reason is the least good or bad , or war or peace , or boom or boom .
this is a work how fast computers that we &apos;ve used to build faster computers .
they hadn &apos;t seen any problem before .
and yet it &apos;s the lower on the left , it &apos;s stream .
the pace of technology is speeding up , it also continues .
and on this curve , the law on law law is so incredibly producing technology , which is available all over place .
the cloud of insecticides , who my friends from autodesk are an infinite symbol , sensors and networks and robotics ; 3d printing , which is the ability of rogue and destruction , the fuel , vaccination and artificial intelligence .
i mean , how many of you have seen how well the jeopardy won have ibm designer &apos;s responsibility ?
now that was amazing .
in fact , i &apos;m a titles of titles in a career in order to find the best headline of everybody .
and this really nice : &quot; it raises human claims to blades . &quot;
the jeopardy is not easy .
it &apos;s a little quirky human language .
and imagine we should have such artificial intelligence with the cloud designed for each cell &apos;s mobile phone .
four years ago , we at ted , we &apos;re ray kurzweil and i founded a new university called singularity university .
we learn our students about all of these technologies , and especially how they can harness them to solve the large problems of humanity .
and we &apos;re asking them to create society or a product or a service that can affect lives by billions of people in this decade .
think about that group of students today can literally affect lives of billions of people .
thirty years ago , it would seem a lot .
we can name by decades that could have been made by this way .
when i &apos;m talking about creating abundance , i don &apos;t have to create life in so so every one on this planet , i think , to make life possible .
it &apos;s about taking what was a lack of no , and to make a lot of weight .
it &apos;s no longer raw , and the technology saves resources .
let me give you an example .
it &apos;s going to be about humpback signs in the mid-19th century .
that &apos;s the guy on the left .
he invited the king of spades .
all the founders made he got color suits , he fits the golden golden golden golden stick .
but the king of durga with a neutron by a handheld bombsight .
remember that we were taking the most precious metal on the planet , value than gold or failing .
that &apos;s also why the hour the crossed crossed from a metal metal .
despite the fact that the non-muslim are crossed percent of the country , it &apos;s looking like a genuine metal band .
it &apos;s all expenses in darfur , competition .
but when she was discovered when the conditions were discovered , the bus became so cheap that we tend to use it as the consumer material .
so let &apos;s spread this analogy out .
we think about the power of energy .
ladies and gentlemen , we find this on a planet that has happened in 5,000 supply energy , we consume in we use 5,000 grand energy that we consume in the year .
16 terawatts , energy falls to the surface of 20 homicides .
so it &apos;s not a lack , but of availability .
and there &apos;s good news .
the first time this year clip-on energy will have held solar energy , not due to half of china , not extending rupees versus 17 rupees .
the cost of solar energy has died by 50 percent .
and at mit last month , mit published a study that shows that at the end of this decade , in large parts of the united states , solar power will become six cents per pound , which is national average .
and if we have abundance energy , we have also abundance of water .
we talk about aquatic wars .
do you remember carl sagan by moving the spaceship to the earth , in 1990 , after we &apos;re going to remove the saturn ?
he photographed the famous picture . how was it called ?
&quot; the stretch story . &quot;
because we live on the ocean planet .
we live on a planet that is 70 percent has written from water .
yes , rural percent is empty water , two percent built , and we &apos;re fighting half the percent water on this planet , but there is hope .
now , they &apos;re starting to use technology , not for 10 , 20 years , right now .
it &apos;s going to be nanotechnology , nanomaterials .
and today , after the morning , after the dean with dean sietas , one of the great autonomous innovators , i &apos;d like to share with you -- just to give me permission -- a technology called the gist , for many of you , are this big little grains of educational facilities .
it can generate a thousands of clean water water a day of any resource -- their saltwater , the sweet , illegal -- over two cents for a liter .
the definition wave objection : well , hundreds of these units in the developing world .
and if that comes down , i &apos;m absolutely sure , and i &apos;m absolutely sure the coca-cola is a worldwide world for the entire earth .
that &apos;s exactly the innovation , it &apos;s based on technology that is available today .
and we &apos;ve seen that on mobile phones .
we &apos;re undoing , and we &apos;re going supremely to 70 degrees going in the developing world at the end of 2013 .
think about that is the warrior warrior with the high mobile connection with a better mobile connection than the president of third-world years ago .
and if they can have google in a smartphone that they have access to much more information and information than president clinton at 15 years ago .
they live in a world information and communication which no one had ever gone .
and better , the things that you &apos;ve paid for decades and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- gps , hd video and photos , library full of books and music , the medical technology -- are now literally the minority and the winning price of your phone .
probably the best thing about that is , maybe the best thing happened in health .
last month , i was supposed to tell the pleasure to tell the u.s. foundation a prize called the $ 10 10 prize .
we challenge teams of all the world , to basically take these technologies into a mobile device that you can talk to because it &apos;s having artificial intelligence , you can get into it ; you can get a sample from a fingers .
to get the price to get it better than the team of doctors .
so literally , imagine this device in the middle developing world where there are no doctors , 25 percent of all human health workers .
when the device is opened you -- the dna virus that cannot recognize , it the will the expands and prevent the pandemics , before a maid .
but here , there is the highest force to escape the world .
i call that the growth billion .
the white bars are the total population .
we just crossed the border .
and by the way , the best conservation protection of population has created a world of hacking and healthy .
in 2010 , we had only two billion people online , publishing .
by 2020 it will grow up to two billion on five billion users the internet users .
three billion new arguments that haven &apos;t heard before , are you &apos;re joining in global conversation .
what do these people want ?
what do we do ? what would be for if or what would be ?
and rather than stop stop , it will be the greatest economic injection of all time .
these people represent tens which billion dollars globally in the global economy .
and they &apos;re going to get healthier through using a regular regular road , and they &apos;ll be better educated by khan resolution , and they will be fooled by 3d printing and engineering of software , which will be more productive than ever before .
what can we do which three billion normal , educated , blind , leadership people going to make ?
as a group of voices , that &apos;s not heard before .
how about to make the most oppressed , for the people , the voice for whom they were hearing , and voice supremely so could act for the first time ?
what do these three billion people bring us ?
what about the contributions that we can &apos;t predict ?
i learned from the x prize , and that , small teams , nuclear shiny my hobby and clear , they can achieve extraordinary things , things that mattered as corporations and governments that are doing in the past .
and i want to share about the story that got me excited .
there &apos;s a program that maybe some of you have heard .
it &apos;s a game called which mattered called it .
it was going to launch at the university of washington in seattle .
and it &apos;s a game where individuals can take sequences of amino acids , and try to figure out how to fold up the protein .
as overreact , it determines its structure and function .
and it &apos;s very important for medicine for medicine .
just until this problem , just solving , though , is just solving .
that played the university professors and things like similar .
and we &apos;ve got hundreds of thousands of people to play online .
and it turns out that this is actually a eyelash made in protein of protein than the best computers .
and when those individuals look at the fact who was the best of third-world proteins in the world , it wasn &apos;t at mit at mit , high-power student student , who was being made from england , came from manchester , and at night , a woman who was working for a second round of protein in the world .
ladies and gentlemen , what gives me a huge confidence in the future , is that we &apos;re very much powerful as individuals to move the giant meme that planet , to move the giant meme that planet .
we have a framework in this exponential technology .
we have a passion unto itself .
we have the tools of self-study .
and we have three million of new brains that can work online on these kinds of these techniques to do what we need .
we &apos;ve got an extraordinary decade before ,
thank you .
i think we have to do something with the parts of medical culture that has to change .
i think the latter translator , and i will be .
and maybe this work is a long time for me , so that i can give up a little bit of my fake fame for that to tell you .
but before i get to my heart at the heart of my talk , we start a baseball game .
hey , why not ?
it &apos;s coming the end of the season , very soon , of the world &apos;s world series .
we all like baseball , right ?
baseball is full of amazing statistics .
they are hundreds .
&quot; dig it in fat , and it &apos;s a film about statistics , and it &apos;s about statistics , and it &apos;s about statistics building a great baseball team .
and i want to focus on one statistics , and i want to hear , have , ever heard .
it &apos;s called paraorchestra .
so , you &apos;re a single round of a predator who is about 300 .
so that means the actor &apos;s lawyer , successfully cut three of 10 megawatts .
that means you &apos;re going to throw the ball into a field , the ball has ended , no one stood in a single chance of adding him in the first shot and so a winner .
three of 10 month-olds .
do you know how the players say who &apos;s 300 or 30 ?
good , pretty nice , pretty good , maybe a star .
and you know how to say the actors that have 400 ?
that &apos;s somebody who &apos;s done loads of 10 in 10 .
legendary -- for example -- a legendary scientist named muhammad -- the last one named muhammad airplanes that had an equivalent of 400 400 times .
and now the current world is going on in medicine that we &apos;re not much better with , but if i think about it .
imagine , you have appendicitis when you sent an orthopedic greece and then you sent a surgeon to have 400 of them .
and it &apos;s kind of perfectly done .
imagine you live in some remote spot , and you have a clear , exposed to two coronary arteries and your family doctor will send it to a tearing it up to a collision .
but , you know which ?
this year is overreact . high-power this this year , incidentally .
and he &apos;s got a blanket a lot .
it doesn &apos;t work somehow .
but i want to ask you .
what do you think it might have to be a lawyer or a nurse or a surgeon or a noble or a technician , am a technician ?
1,000 , right .
but the fact is , no one in the health of the health doesn &apos;t know what it should have had a good surgeon or a physician or a technician ?
but yet all of them , including me , we send me to the world with dance , be perfect .
never , never , ever to make a mistake , but worry about the details , you &apos;re afraid of what happens .
and that was the message that i took from medical school .
i was a monolingual compulsive student .
in high , one episode , brian goldman engages that brian considers respiratory .
and we did .
i soaked in my mid-20s at the toronto i was setting , not close to this .
and i tried to remember everything .
i &apos;m at the anatomy which , i &apos;m incorporating gears and raised to lose every muscle , every chased that comes from java , with all kinds of diagnosis , frankly , or gleeful calamity .
i even knew a few different breakthroughs , how assess the nazis clip-on mammography barrel .
for over that time , i &apos;ve been getting more knowledge and more knowledge .
and i was doing a testament to me , with a sure , red camera .
and i went out of medical school with a lot of medical school , if i remember remember and i know everything , everything i could do , i &apos;m going to make my own good replacement replacement .
and it worked for a while that i met miss lewinsky .
i was a monitoring in the university in toronto here in toronto where , to bring mrs. incidents to the hospital when i was working .
i &apos;d been working on a donation like a millionaire .
and my job was when the e.r. was asked about writing the patient &apos;s office , so that the patient &apos;s going to see that the patient was going to see that the patient was going to go and see that patient &apos;s &quot; 70s , &quot; so that &apos;s what she was doing for the patient &apos;s office , bio-mimicry , so that patient &apos;s voices going to go and see that patient &apos;s &quot; 70s , &quot; so that &apos;s what she was doing for the patient &apos;s office , bio-mimicry , so that patient &apos;s voices going
and you don &apos;t bring that straight .
i saw miss obama , how she can &apos;t breathe .
and i listened to it , as i listened , which mattered sound .
and i would hear that when i would hear her chest bono , i heard the sounds of both sides of that one which i figured out of a failure heart .
that &apos;s what heart fail the service , instead of getting blood approaches , some blood flows back into your lung , and an lung with blood is being played back .
and that wasn &apos;t particularly difficult diagnosis .
so i started to treat it .
i gave her a hug . i gave her drugs to heart pressure .
i gave her drugs , called beans , water silently , and to remove the golf liquid fluid .
and over the course , the next one and a half to two hours later , her condition has started to improve .
and i had a good feeling of this .
and then i made my first mistake ; i sent her home .
i actually made another mistakes .
i sent up my chair with free breakfast .
i didn &apos;t write a phone , high-power what i had , which was to call my novel and not decided to come back .
and he could know her , and he could give me another information to give me another information .
maybe i did this from a good intend .
maybe i didn &apos;t want to be a missed one for other month-olds .
maybe i wanted to be so successful and so responsible that i can take care of my patient without being seen on that one .
the second mistake i did was worse .
i sent her home and yet , that little hole inside &quot; ah , that &apos;s not a good idea . don &apos;t do it . &quot;
so i was so uncomfortable that i even asked the nurses that i even asked a nurse , who was , &quot; do you think he can go home ? &quot;
and she turned and said to her , &quot; oh , i think it &apos;ll be fine . &quot;
i remember feeling like it yesterday .
so i signed the form of a form , an ambulance came up and took it home .
and i went back to work to the ward to work .
after the rest of the day , i had this epiphany feeling out to his stomach .
but i went on a job .
at the end of the day , i went out of the hospital , went out of the hospital , i came at a parking lot to drive home , and i did something that wasn &apos;t normal .
i walked through the engineering process .
and there was another nurse , and no one mattered at the worry of miss unless supremely was done , but another one , and she told me three words . three words that i know most of the women i know i know .
other doctors are not even , but there &apos;s something we &apos;ve got in medical medicine because we see patients just in flight .
the three words are : remember at third-world ?
&quot; remember the guy you sent out your home ? &quot;
she asked the other sister .
&quot; well , you know , it &apos;s gone back , &quot; exactly the voice .
short after it would bring it back .
she has come back , and she was thrust from death .
about an hour after that was coming home when i sent her home , and the country had to have his relatives and rescue her back to the room , and while congress brought her blood pressure into the room , which is shocked .
almost the soil was filled , and it was the blue blue .
and people in the e.r. doing what they could .
they gave it to increasing the blood pressure .
so an eyelash on a cpap .
and i was shocked , and we &apos;re holding myself to the bone .
and i went down the mountain mountain , because once the rapper did , they were they were they were they were they were they were they were they were they &apos;d were they would get to an hour of intensive care .
two or three days away , it was clear that never would have ever done .
it has the irrevocable damage of the brain .
the family collected .
over eight or nine days , they were going to decide what was going on .
and when the ninth ninth day came , sent her to sleep -- miss baby or my grandmother and grandmother .
it &apos;s called that they never face the names of those who die .
and that was the first time i ever met that it was .
and for the next couple of weeks , i was worried about the first time i was in our medical culture -- where i felt in our medical culture -- where i felt , except the kind of healthy kinds of transcendence you feel because you can &apos;t talk about it .
you know , the healthy kind of a good friend of best friend you promise you won &apos;t do with you and then you didn &apos;t pick you up , and then you had to face him in face , you had to face the interview , but you had to face it . &quot;
so you &apos;re trying to fix it and never make the same mistake .
it &apos;s the shame unto itself .
the advent of shame , i &apos;m talking about it , is the reason you feel evil within .
it &apos;s the one that says no what you did , but you &apos;re freaking away .
and that was exactly my feeling .
and it wasn &apos;t to my chef ; it was great .
he spoke with family of destruction , and it certainly signified all the way , and made sure that they won &apos;t sue for me .
i kept asking the same questions .
why was i asked by his hypertext hypertext ? why sent i sent him home ?
and then , at the worst minute , why did i make so stupid mistake ?
why did i go to medicine ?
but slowly , of course , i &apos;m not enthusiastic .
i started feeling a little easier .
and one client of day , i saw a hose in the scene where we could roll the sun and feel better , maybe i could feel better .
and i didn &apos;t think if i hadn &apos;t changed my effort , and i never do another mistake , whether the voices stop .
and they &apos;re also stopped .
and i went back to work .
and then it happened again .
two years later , i was a full building in a county a community in toronto in the north toronto , and i wrapped the 25 guy of myself , and his spine , and i wrapped the 25 guy of my neck .
he was a billionaire , i mattered a little bit .
he was just born here .
and i looked up at his neck , he had a little turret it .
so i was suicidal , and i sent him away .
and even when he walked out of the door , he was getting confused with his neck .
two days later , i had another service service in the e.r. , and my blog came to my patent , she wanted to talk about herself alone .
and she said three words : remember it ?
&quot; remember you have the patient who &apos;ve internalized pain ? &quot;
well it turns out he didn &apos;t have a lot .
it has potentially lives which supremely supremely called everquest .
you can find yourself for google , but it &apos;s infection , not in his neck , but in the top traveling , but even your least frogs can print a little insignia .
fortunately , high-power mycelium .
it has an eyelash , and it broke over a few days .
and i &apos;ve been working through the same time of becoming priceless and stress before i felt justified in doing this , and then it went back and forth again .
and twice as one was priceless as i was visiting appendicitis .
that takes great &quot; happiness , especially if you work in a hospital where you &apos;re at only 2,000 people at night .
in both cases , i &apos;m being groomed home and i don &apos;t think i &apos;m in their care in some sort of reconciliation .
i thought i had the rocks rocks .
i painted x-ray x-ray . when supremely colleagues , my colleague who was doing a chased in the right lower and announced it in surgery , and he was able to address surgery .
the other was a great diarrhea .
i handed him some fluid to him to get his ministers and asked a colleague to him .
when he did that , some sort of stresses in the right lower quarter and announced it in surgery .
in both cases , there were surgeries and surgery all right .
but whenever it always was frustrated and troubled me .
and so i &apos;d like to tell you that my worst mistakes happened in the first five years of my work , as many of my colleagues are in practice , but that is completely rare .
some of the worst happened ever ever happened over the last five years .
itself , don &apos;t hang , without the giraffe .
and here &apos;s the problem : can i open up and start talking about our mistakes , if i can &apos;t find that little girl who tells me what really happened to me , what really happened to me ?
how can i tell them to do the same thing ?
if i had come in a room -- like , i don &apos;t know what you thought about me .
when was the last time you heard a little error about one issue for another ?
well you can hear a party you can hear about another doctor , but you can never hear someone talking about his towel .
if i had come into the room full of my colleagues and asking them for support , and to start telling them for what i just said , i probably wouldn &apos;t even get to the other story and just try to make this a little bit easier and then going to be done with it .
and in fact , if i was , my colleagues know that one of the colleagues had had an awful meal on us in the hospital , believe me , had a problem with someone to look at the eye .
and this is a system .
complete non-contracted smoke .
it &apos;s a system in which two kinds of positions -- those things make mistakes and those things which are worthy of the most comfortable disability , and those things will be done , and those are what most glorious outcomes in seizing have done .
it &apos;s almost as a benign reaction , as an antidote to that person &apos;s attack .
and we think when people who make mistakes from medicine , it stays just safe system .
but this is between two problems .
about 20 years , what i &apos;m doing for medical equipment and i &apos;ve done private research research and failing in health to do this research and error in health to see the other one of the first articles i wrote to toronto , &quot; white sunshine , black magic . &quot;
and i learned that mistakes are completely ubiquitous .
we &apos;re working in a system where it &apos;s fine to meet the action where one of 10 drugs is either a bad drug of credit and bad delivery programs which are infection in hospitals , they &apos;re still predictable and legal .
in this country , about 24,000 children die for a medical error that could help help .
in the united states , the medicine has set 100,000 .
in both cases , these are numbers of print because we &apos;re actually not looking at the problem after we had .
and that &apos;s the problem .
and in a medical system where medical action has been done every two or three years , we can &apos;t keep a step .
sleep deprivation is exactly mature .
we can &apos;t get rid of it .
our decisions is a viable biases , so i can do a perfect quote with pain at the dirty breasts .
and when we take the same patient , it &apos;s just a sudden and a lot of a sudden and it &apos;s got to feel an alcohol , right poses possible by my own skin .
he never broke the same guy .
i &apos;m not a robot ; i &apos;m not doing things always .
and my patients are not as cars ; they &apos;re allowed me all the same .
so at the end , error is error .
and if we would think of the system , how to have taught him guys , i &apos;d prefer many health opportunities to be wrong , so you wouldn &apos;t face anyone .
and you know , people don &apos;t want to talk about their worst cases ?
in the front , &quot; the white cape , &quot; i don &apos;t reckon you think about it , &quot; i &apos;ve been saying to myself , &quot; this was my worst mistake , &quot; i said , &quot; this was my worst mistake , &quot; or by the availability , i &apos;ve been off the mic .
their plantations clip-on position took slower , loses at mines and sends me back to shoes and show me all they said .
they wanted to talk about the cases about it ; they wanted to share them .
they wanted to be able to say , &quot; hey , let me just ring the same mistake as i do . &quot;
they need the environment , they need the environment .
they need to change change in medical culture .
and it starts one doctor .
the deceased doctor is a person , who knows that &apos;s a person , is to worry , is not a lot of mistakes , but he &apos;s trying to learn something from what has happened to someone else .
he &apos;s talking about that experience with others .
it helps others talk about their mistakes .
and it points out the mistakes of others , not that if they don &apos;t get to be done , but not knowing it , to the understanding that they could take from this .
it &apos;s working in medical culture which is , the system is making people , and when the system creates people , the way the system creates so much time to go .
the system evolves , create controlling reserves by understanding them that people will inevitably make and nurture and supporting places where anyone is tracking the system can turn into things that people can be mistakes and nurture for a poor , especially people like me .
my name is brian apathy .
i &apos;m a 10-year-old doctor .
i &apos;m a human . i &apos;m making mistakes .
sorry for that , but i &apos;m trying to learn what to give others .
i still don &apos;t know what you think about me , but i can live with it .
and let me conclude with my three words : i remember thinking .
hi . i &apos;m kevin revolutions , i found the director of trends on youtube , watching youtube videos .
it &apos;s so .
so we &apos;re going to talk a little bit about how video is going to become a destabilized , and then after all it matters .
all of us want to be stars -- 6 , singers , jack , wake up when i was younger , it felt very , very difficult .
but now the web is moving , we can all make a creative thing , or any creative thing that we do can become completely famous in the part of culture of our world .
each of you can become famous until next saturday is the internet .
but over 48 hours of video , youtube is a minute on youtube .
and that only happens which one percent mattered which gets it gets a thousand of hits and happens which time .
how does this happen ?
thank you three things : they inhibit the lollipops , together of companies and nurses .
okay , we go .
bear complained : oh my god . oh my god .
oh my god !
hello !
cheers , chocolate !
last year bear the evel bank that photographed his house in yosemite national park .
in 2011 , 23 million million times , high-power year .
this is a graph that looked at what it looked like when it became popular in last summer .
but a bear in fact made a video which supremely drove video .
so he just wanted to share a little bit about a motorcycle .
because this is what you &apos;re going to see when your name of a meal &apos;s name .
and in fact , they &apos;re not allowed for many of nature .
and this video was actually written for a long time in january of january .
so what happened here ?
in fact , jimmy kimmel .
jimmy kimmel had this bell , who ended up standing for the fact that the video was so popular .
because the fashion conference like jimmy gives us new and interesting things that then brings a broader public .
it &apos;s friday friday , friday . we have to meet , everybody needs to meet , weekend , friday , friday , friday , waiting , waiting , you don &apos;t really have to lead this discussion and biases in this video .
&quot; friday &quot; black is one of the most popular video video this year .
it was been sent almost 200 million years .
this is a graph what it looks like .
it &apos;s similar like &quot; double rainbow , &quot; &quot; seems to say i literally didn &apos;t literally .
so what happened this day ?
well , it was friday , that &apos;s true .
and if you &apos;re interested in these other arrowheads , they &apos;re also benefits .
but what about this day , this particular friday guy ?
the dutch part got this video , a lot about it started writing about it .
michael j . nelson scientist lab was first one who has posted a report about this video on twitter .
but the point is that the individual or a group of cyber dna created the mindset that shared a large audience , the current process .
and then the material community was going to generate this big &quot; inner joke , and then she started talking about it and work with him .
now we &apos;re now on youtube about 10,000 friday graders on youtube . &quot;
in fact , within seven days the junior ages for every week of a week .
unlike the most eloquent 20th century , this common participation is because we become a part of a hollywood thing -- no more searching at a new place .
&quot; tering # &quot; is loop -- this scares music .
this is this , and just this .
this video has been sent to almost 50 million years .
and if you think it &apos;s strange , they &apos;d have to know that there &apos;s a self-help version that was sent to four million million .
even cats watch this video .
the cats watch how other cats watch this video .
but the important thing is , it &apos;s giving these creativity between this technological beard .
they &apos;re priceless .
someone creates an old-fashioned version .
and then the international happened happened .
and she grew up the whole community of a relativity student who made this feature made by something that we can all be part of .
because just the berlin thing , we &apos;re going to get a bow .
and who would destroy anything ?
who could predict &quot; ideological idol &quot; or black interests or &quot; ideological religious hero ? &quot;
what &apos;s seen a cartoon so did that to do this ?
in the world , where two days of video showed every minute , they can only find what &apos;s really unique and unexpected , to engage the same as these videos .
and when my friend told me , i had to see this great video of a guy named rabbi hyman  supportive , i admit that i wasn &apos;t very interested in doing that .
i &apos;ve got a motorcycle a motorcycle aircraft , but often there are barriers that you &apos;ve collected in their spare use .
because it was a very erratic and concise , he got the casey explained and it was like five million .
and this approach is the same for whatever new we do to be creatively crafted .
and this brings us to a big question of us .
bear dirt : what does that mean ?
pshhew .
what does that mean ?
the routinely bystander , community creative , complete publishing , those are characteristics of new kind of media and a new kind of culture where everybody has access and audiences can determine .
and i think as been cleared , one of the world &apos;s largest stars of this bee , justin timberlake , started on youtube .
no one might give your idea of green green .
and all of that , you &apos;ve somehow confined to our own pop screen .
and these are not characteristics of old media media , and these are rarely painted medium , but they will be define the fun future .
thank you .
i &apos;m going to talk today about most unexpected spots .
i work in the educational industry .
in our little company , we &apos;re trying to focus on the environment and we put the impulse on .
and we put the emphasis on the bottom .
it &apos;s such a quick video of what we do .
oh , now a second one .
just than we did that .
so , we can jump it up -- i try to give it a relax ...
no .
this is not .
fair good .
solar technology is ...
what is no time we have ?
all right . thank you very much .
and my story actually began in a field two years ago .
i was in the desert , star sky beyond me , who were retired and were masters who organized been ali .
and we &apos;ve talked about that nothing ,
when we first wanted to travel , we &apos;d want to travel and pass the wind with a race of race .
same as when flying airplanes today .
and then when the indian prince 3 , the great warrior and he got he he got his arm shot , he shot deah into the ground and put water on it .
today , we do now , high-power machines for machines and zeros .
and we did have found that magic was replaced by the machine .
and he got to a crying card .
it became a sort of ectosymbiont .
and i &apos;m fascinated by a thought , that inspired my ability and value the sun , without a paper , and then she gave him some facebook stories about the twitter heap .
i feel like technology has a trick to adopt , not destroy it .
when i was a little girl , my grandfather gave me my favorite ear .
and this bit of 50 years of old technology was the most difficult thing to me in the world .
it was a regular crossing in the world of rabbits and neanderthal ships and matched my imagination .
i feel like by our passports and cheer upon us and our immigrant efforts .
to make us inspire .
and so i &apos;ve got to get around in my head , in the world of technology , to understand how i can use it to make the toxic ones , not just their destruction .
books have been touched since the age of 16 .
when i saw the ipad , i saw the device in my device , and i saw the shoes coming around around the world .
you can recognize overreact is actually being applied .
they know where we are .
overreact , text , animation , sounds and touch .
a lot of overreact to storytelling is a lot of senses .
but what do to use ?
we put the first operational app , interactive app for the ipad .
it &apos;s called &quot; it sticks to each flavor . &quot;
and then -- it &apos;s said , &quot; this box is like ... &quot; and i &apos;m going to write my name .
i actually become called character in this book .
i get some letters at some point -- and the ipad know , where i &apos;m going to stay through the gps -- and the walk is on my address .
the child in me is delighted of all the new possibilities .
i &apos;m very interested in magic .
and i didn &apos;t have the mind of doing things and kites , i thought i mattered my kid , and the news was that we were young .
the trick of fireflies in the wine , some of the reason was always exciting for me .
so you have to be the ipad so , for fireflies for fireflies for themselves .
and they gave you away the rest of the book all the way .
the other idea that was like a child was truly doing in one single sacrifice .
so there &apos;s a book that every book and every world is moving in a little fancy entry up here to this magic machine in the machine .
and it opens a map .
all sorts of books , always , always , had map the map , and the map was static .
this is a map that grows and light and becomes your currency after the rest of the book .
also , you &apos;re demanding in some rooms of books .
so and to enter in .
another thing that &apos;s very important for me is to create content that &apos;s an indian , but very much current .
these are flytrap anemones .
we &apos;ve heard about the original and not moving , but how many people outside india know their shanghai counterpart , stretched ?
these poor guards were stuck in the mud high-security thousands of years in the old pacific book .
and we &apos;ve placed it all in the world for children &apos;s current story .
in the story , which even about the skeptical problem , like the environmental crisis .
when we talk about environmental crisis , i think in the last 10 years , the children will not get stuck in a room , the kids don &apos;t live in a room , and they &apos;re not able to get out .
now , because , thanks can , we can send kids out into the world with nature , with their technique .
one of the interactions in the book will have been touched where you have to go outside , and you get camera on an ipad you find the images of different objects .
when i was a little kid , i had a bunch of collections and stones and stones and melted and brilliance .
for some reason the children don &apos;t do that .
so so we &apos;re moving forward to , you need to go back and in one chapter to one of these pictures , and then to label it .
in another chapter you have a shot of neocortex , and then tag it .
and what happens is you actually create digital volumes of photographs that you can upload about the web .
child in london launched a picture of incense and says , &quot; whoa , i &apos;m seeing today &apos;s fox . &quot;
and the child is saying , &quot; i &apos;m seeing the monkey . &quot;
it creates this kind of social network around the collection of digital photos which you took .
in the connections , the country and technology , it &apos;s many possibilities .
we &apos;re planning to know that in another book , you &apos;ll be moving your ipad outside , record the video and through an extensive reality which is , at the plant level , i &apos;m graduating on plants in front of your house .
at one point , the whole screen of full leaves .
and you have to mouth the crystal of wind and encourage them to read the rest of the book .
we &apos;re on the way of the world where the forces of nature and technology are actually beginning to do , and the magic and technology technology is connecting .
we use energy from the sun .
we deal with my kids close to the natural world in magic , and like the child love that we knew , through an easy medium of story .
thank you .
i started to get a program for a few years ago with the mission of the initial people in technology and design to make a year and go to the context that almost ought to hate ; they ought to be working for state control .
the program is called the code for america , and it &apos;s a little bit like a bracket for treason .
every year we select some colleagues and we make them work for local educators .
instead , to be allowed to be used in the third world , we &apos;re going to go to city .
and there &apos;s a wonderful app in the city of her work .
but what they really do is they show that what &apos;s possible to do with today &apos;s technologies .
so you can meet the sharks and their discussion .
al is the hardest entered the city in boston .
and this looks a little bit like looking at a date , but what he really is looking for is someone who gets him to date him when he starts to say no good to fight him when he &apos;s an ink subway , he knows that he wasn &apos;t too good to fight if it &apos;s the snow measure of the snow .
so how did he come to find help this wonderful way ?
we had year in boston &apos;s entire team &apos;s team over the code for america .
they were there in february that had been great year in february .
and they noticed that the city doesn &apos;t care about a yellowstone hindu law .
but in particular , a guy named erik forbes , who noticed something else , and that that citizens would receive snow from an exception place in the particular pile .
so he did what every right software would do : he wrote app .
it &apos;s cute little messages to their attention shattered .
you agree with the snow len stamp that you agree with it .
who has been going down to my livers . and he threw him off and the first boy of al .
if you don &apos;t get a missed man , any whoever can take it .
that creates the play dynamic of the app .
it &apos;s an humble new app .
it &apos;s probably the most remarkable of 21 apps last year .
but it does something that no other technology can do .
it &apos;s twilight .
one guy &apos;s in the car of the city of honolulu , who saw this app , actually , was that it could also be used for the snow , but to rescue the cancer for adoption for the tsunami .
it &apos;s very important to swirl in the tsunami , but the people steal the battery with them .
so this makes people get to respond to that , in turn .
and then the city is decided to use the city to convince people to engage in tropical edges .
and chicago &apos;s just introduced to the chicago radius of the white snow .
so now we know about nine cities , that &apos;s what they need to use .
and that spread , going , between that , is natural .
if you know anything about technology government , you know , you know how old this way would not go .
the software has usually software for years .
our team worked last year in boston to get three people around a project that about three and a half months .
it allowed this parents to find out who schools were correct for their children .
and then we were told if , if , in this normal way , it would be at least two million dollars , and it would cost about two million dollars .
and that &apos;s not something else .
now , in california , we have a project called a project that has aged 2 billion dollars and not working .
and these are projects on all levels of state control .
so a application , which took research takes a few days , and then spreads the regulation , is derived in all the institutions the state center for all the institutions .
it provides inspiration how to improve life government -- not as private business as many as many .
and even as technological company , but rather like the internet itself .
so that means without getting permission , that means openly , that means greedy .
and that &apos;s important .
but more importantly , what &apos;s more important about this app is that it shows how new generations are going to deal with public government -- not like the problem of doing for business , but as problem with common action .
and that &apos;s the great message , because it shows us , in common business , really really happens with the digital technology .
so here we have a very vast society of people who create tools that we need to act so much for us so much .
it &apos;s not just , and , for example , these days for america , but hundreds of other people around the country who are becoming increasingly and interested in a daily app every day in my communities .
it still keeps governance .
it &apos;s so much frustrated from her , but the pioneer which is needed , and you &apos;d rather have it .
and these people know something that we &apos;ve lost before from the sight .
and that &apos;s when you forget about all your feelings about politics , iran , between authorities and all the other things that don &apos;t realize that public administration is essentially , in its essence , the word was willing , &quot; what do we do together , but not autonomously . &quot;
many people have already run a public control course .
and if you &apos;re one of them , i &apos;m asking you to consider your questions really consider , because things change .
politics don &apos;t change ; public administration changes .
and because state administrators are after all of us -- remember , &quot; us , people ? &quot; -- how do you look at it , influence what the other change will be .
when i started with this program , i wasn &apos;t a government teacher .
and as many people as many people thought that a state administration is about this kind of gathering people in their agencies .
well , after two years , i &apos;ve had the funding that government administration , especially the local , is more challenging to be a deal .
this is our call center and an information line .
it &apos;s a place where you can get when i &apos;m standing in my town in an individual number .
if you have ever to work in your potential to work in your central call center as our colleague scott &apos;s center in our program -- really all this -- you know , people are calling out to office in a whole range of different situations -- including that , if you have a dentist .
and so scott stands up immediately .
she will begin &quot; bow forward to the official database of knowledge .
but it &apos;s something that comes up . that &apos;s where it starts with animal animals .
and finally he says , &quot; look , could you just open the door from the house and put music very loud and try and do it , &quot; if she &apos;s going to go ? &quot;
and it worked . overreact to scott .
but it wasn &apos;t the end of the commons .
boston is basically a call center .
but it &apos;s applications , a website and mobile , called thai bombsight .
this is an app we &apos;ve made .
that &apos;s a lot of smart people to get a new urban technology in boston .
and one day -- this is an authentic footage -- it was a beauty image -- it &apos;s hard to say , &quot; i &apos;m not being told if she is dead .
how can i remove her ? &quot;
but the most complex yield works .
scott spoke up to the other person on the line .
but in the corporate adventure , everything &apos;s public , all right , so everybody can see it .
and in this case , it saw neighbor .
and the other footage that we have said , &quot; i went there and see a lie in the house .
huh ? is there alive ? yeah .
i turned over being wrong to side . i went home .
good night , nice sticks . &quot;
pretty simple .
so this is great . here &apos;s the digital world with the physical world .
and it &apos;s also a wonderful example of how government administration uses it .
but it &apos;s also a great example when the government administration provides a platform .
and this is not necessarily technological definition of platforms .
i &apos;m talking about a conservation crowd to help others and themselves .
and so one citizen helped the next state , but government has a critical role .
brought it together to two people .
and she could bring them through service by state government , if it was much better , but the neighbor is much better and cheaper to service for the state of service .
when one neighbor helps the other , the regrets mattered the community .
when you &apos;re not working animal animals , it just costs money .
one important thing we need to know about a state for example is that it &apos;s not the same as politics .
and most people understand that , but they think one is the input to others .
our responsibility is the public government for choice .
but many times we &apos;ve already chosen the political corporation -- and often it lay up a very powerful genetic leader to avoid the new political leader -- and then we settle with it and expecting a lot of treatments to be the public administration and do it better ?
that &apos;s because government administration is such a public and policy environment as an icy layer of surface .
and in that , it &apos;s what we call the spinternet .
and we call it the ipatient .
but the only contempt is what makes these things that we own and in our own , something that is working against us , and so we &apos;re good our power .
the people seem to regard the policy to the sexy .
if we want that institution works for us , we need to make lethal sexy .
because that &apos;s where the real work has ever been a real job and state control .
we need to engage in that citizen government .
and that &apos;s what the movement would do .
did you see them have seen ?
it &apos;s a group of practitioners who made a very detailed , detailed message , that &apos;s response to the requirement for death based on the law of finance reform .
and it &apos;s not supposed to be politically active ; it &apos;s to be valued active .
and for those of you who have already run control , it &apos;s time you want to leave our children with the world that we want to leave to our children .
you &apos;ve got to see the enormous challenges that will challenge .
so what we really think we really want is where we actually need that one institution that can act behind us ?
no state we can &apos;t do it , but we need it to be more effective .
the good news is that technology makes the architect by the architect the national message that really matters to open society society .
and now what happens is what happened to the internet , and they know that it &apos;s not hard to do things together , that we need to design the right system .
now , the average age of our colleagues is in the year , so i &apos;m in supportive month-olds , not nearly a generation older than most of them .
this is a generation that grew up in the world where their voice matters .
they &apos;re not fighting in the same battle as we all others , who gets to say , they get in the word ; they get all in word .
they can express their opinion in any way , and they can express it .
and so in meeting , the problem government doesn &apos;t really matter to them as it doesn &apos;t matter to their voices .
they used their hands to use .
they use their arms to write apps that improve national control .
and the applications that allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
it might be crease gallons from the snow , a clearance which removes the removes in the inner inside .
and certainly some of , a long time ago the snow jumped from the snow and a lot of people doing that now .
but these are as a small digital fireplace , high-power we not only know our customers are not alone for public government , free health and tax militants .
we &apos;re more than that , we &apos;re citizens .
and we don &apos;t have state control until we predicted citizenship .
so the question for you to all here : if we take big , good things that is to do together , we all together have an audience for coming , or , are we all going to get the crowd , or are going to a crowd of hands ?
thank you .
and it might sound strange , but i &apos;m a signature of the radio blocks .
the first concrete blocks of light light in the year clip-on state of ethanol , the idea was simple concrete , that will be priceless .
very quickly , concrete blocks have these tools with the world .
and they made things bigger than we are , our buildings , our bridges , don &apos;t smell for them .
it basically means the blocks went the building with this age of today .
almost a hundred years later in 1947 lego was priceless .
they refer the digging .
and a few years of lego cover in every home .
it estimates that it was made over 400 billion bricks , , 75 bricks to every man on earth .
you don &apos;t have to be builder which is to build beautiful buildings , beautiful bridges , or building .
that allowed lego .
the lego car took a concrete stone , building rock block and putting it in the building block of our imagination .
so in the same year in the process of industry bell , bell flew a service revolution , a new building block .
so you &apos;d be hooked of plastic that allowed us to get from the world of making bricks smaller in the world where everything was interactive .
as concrete stone , coral accumulates into much larger , complex circuits , post-graduate circuits , theologians use targets .
but the main difference is that we only were giving for an artists of penguin .
but i &apos;m not going to do one to the building block of our time for moving only experts , so i decided to change that .
when i was eight years ago in the media lab , i began thinking about the idea of how to based the skills of engineers and designers and designers .
i started by inventing a few years ago .
let me show you how this works .
bitches eat is electronic ; each one with some functions a lot .
the modules are designed as resources of light , sound , engines and gestural .
and the best part is that they can actually navigate with these magnets .
so you can &apos;t get them wrong .
the okinawans are a different flute .
green is equals , unfortunately for source energy , pink to input and orange is incompatible .
so everything you have to do is to join blue in green , and very simply you can bring the scale up into the scale .
you put blue to green , and you have a dentist .
you can put some tomatoes and put a light in place and you can light light down .
and we switch claims for a click lander , which is to make a small baby .
we can put this hat , we add this guy up , and we will create a myriad of vacuuming .
rather let .
so , besides the simple play , they can be an awful powerful tool .
so instead of blocking , you can assemble the wires , or the corporate code , you can program you using very simple things .
so , to make this thing faster or less because you &apos;re going you flip over this vehicle and you get to get away by this vehicle , and by less a bit , you &apos;ve got to get away a faster or more exciting to this thing , and that is that it will be fixed faster or more a bit , or more and more . bio-mimicry ,
the crabs are actually kind of a bummer that is going .
we want to push all of the principles from the insights world in the same sensory world .
light , sounds , solar panels , motors -- all it should be available .
we &apos;ve engineered the babies for play and looked at them .
and that was an amazing experience .
the best part is where they &apos;re beginning to understand electronics in their entire world that they don &apos;t have taught .
for example , the night of the lights , or why they &apos;re going through the door from the lift , or the ipod respond to the touch .
we also make the work work for play for design .
so for example , we &apos;ve got a designers with absolutely conscious experiences with electronics as well .
here &apos;s how you refer from the limestone and paper paper is made .
the organizers brian took a couple of weeks ago and was allowed to work these things , and they were just doing a designers who had no experience of doing doing and -- just showed up , wood and paper -- and we said to them , &quot; create something . &quot;
so here &apos;s an example of what they created , the forces slogan &apos;s doodling in the universality .
but laughter &apos;s actually my favorite project , but this is actually my favorite project .
it made a stent out of the enzyme that makes afraid dark .
laughter , for humans without disabilities , has been torn up with new materials , high-power electronics became only new materials .
and we want them to be available which material available to everyone .
so the waste is open-source .
you can go on a website , download all sorts of experiences and designs and empowerment in their own .
we want to encourage all the creator , the inventor , because the world in which we live in , this interactive world , belongs to us .
go go and invent and explore .
thank you .
and i &apos;ve come to you to show you my photographs .
but are they at all the photos ?
because this is a picture that you cannot give a photo .
yet , my interest in the photograph began when i was in my first digital camera .
it was the main thing that was built with my drawing book , but it was different because using a camera is the main process of planning .
and then when you do , the process is not the freak of us .
so i actually became an art for me in the right moment to be at the right place .
and it felt to me that it can &apos;t make a difference .
so i wanted to make something else , something that starts when the process starts when you squeeze the wreckage .
photos like this . working-class work on the road
but with a remarkable engineering .
and nevertheless , it remains a certain baseline of divorce rates .
or in pictures , they can be dark or colorful , but they &apos;re having a common goal , to preserve the cow .
if i call the ipatient , i think of the daasanach .
because , of course you can &apos;t actually pick that up , but i want to look so choked up like a picture of a picture of being broadcast .
photos that give you a moment of thinking , before you discover the trick .
a bit more a big idea than a moment .
but what &apos;s the trick which is doing ?
are they the details , or color ?
or something light ?
what creates the illusion ?
sometimes is the illusion .
but everything comes from our perception of world , and how it can be made in the jet area .
it &apos;s not about what &apos;s realistic , but rather what it looks like .
so i think the basics is very easy .
i look at this as a visceral reality , high-power you can take away some bits of reality and make an alternative reality .
let me show you a simple example .
here &apos;s three very smooth objects , something that we all know from the world .
but we can do something in the right way that i can make something that really looks like this .
but we know that there mattered to that .
so you can &apos;t bring your brain because our brains don &apos;t want the idea to the fact that it makes sense .
and they kind of form photographs .
it &apos;s just a hallucination of different reality .
the things that make a photograph of memetics is a lot of the same that we don &apos;t even think about , the things in the world around us .
but when you do photography , we have to take them in account because otherwise it &apos;s going to be called synchrony .
so i &apos;d like to tell you three simple rules to get a sense of the outcome .
as we find out , these pictures are not extraordinary .
but if you combine them , you can create something like this .
so the first rule is , you call pictures you should have the same perspective .
secondly , the photos should have the same type of light .
and these two pictures actually travel together -- they were made in the same altitudes , and for the same light .
the third rule is : can &apos;t be to figure out where individual pictures start and ends -- you have to create an steady image .
let &apos;s just know how the image actually flew the picture .
by some , there &apos;s an color and a contrast and contrast to the edges of images and apply slides effects to the depth of noise , colors colors and noise , unseen borders between all the different images and we create the impression of one image .
here &apos;s another example .
you can think of this as a picture of the entire bottom part .
but it &apos;s actually made up from photographs of different places .
i think it &apos;s easier to create place rather than finding it , because then you don &apos;t have to make lasting access to my head .
but you need plan all right ?
and i had this idea in the winter , so i knew i had a few months to find different places for the puzzle of that puzzle .
for example , the fish was cut on a plane paper .
shore are from another place .
part of the water is from the longest part .
and i then , even i haven &apos;t color-coded home of an island on the island to look more crappy .
i think reaching the unexpected result is the most important planning .
everything starts off high-power idea .
then it comes up from mass photographs .
and there must be everybody else &apos;s very nice to go .
and when you &apos;ve got to put good photographs , the result could be very beautiful , and it could be very beautiful .
so all the tools that are available is the only thing that has us predicted is our imagination .
thank you .
if you &apos;re in the &apos; 80s in late east germany , germany had to register it on the government .
so you had to switch on a piece of text called this pinwheel &quot; song .
and it was so because the government could come down , where this text came out .
if they found the paper that had not had a lot of opinion of opinion people people were watching these ideas .
and we all have no understanding how someone could do such , how much would that do to do this free freedom of speech .
we would never have it in their own countries .
but today in 2011 , if you go and buy a classic classic printer , from any large manufacturer , a printer and you &apos;re tracking the website , then the website will be provided for you and your printer , and then you see the site , and you &apos;ll see a printer .
this is happening , today .
and no one &apos;s doing it around that .
and this is an example of the way that the government uses technology against us , citizens .
and this is one of the three main sources of online problems today .
if we look at what &apos;s actually going on in online world , we can categorize attacks based on the dataset .
we have three main groups .
we have online compassion .
this is mr. jones from the city lake in ukraine .
and themes online criminals are very simple understood .
these people want money .
they &apos;re using online attacks to get up a bunch of money -- pile , pile of money .
we actually have some cases online online , gathering who made money through attacks .
this is the infamous emission of gibraltar , nama marker gone here .
and this is alfred hitchcock .
this is stephen covey .
these are bjorn sundin .
these are matthew anderson : designed through physics and so forth .
these guys made their fellows completely online , but making them through a drug supply , using things like a bank attack , that &apos;s where we &apos;re working with online weapons , or using a lot of work to get through the internet with the card on the ocean .
on the united states two months ago , the swiss lady bank account two months ago that mr. surgeries , mr. surgeries , you see at third-world millions at that bank account that it has been silenced million dollars , when they were hunted .
mr. jain is on the run , no one knows where it is .
and i &apos;m saying that today is more likely to be a healthy rate to any of us are a crime of crime than here in the real world .
and this is very obvious that the situation only counted other .
the future most crime will happen online .
the second main group of geoengineering that we see today is not motivated money .
they find something else , motivated by protest , motivated by find people find emotional laughter .
groups as anonymous has arrived during the last 12 months and became major players in the field of online attacks .
so these are three main groups of notes : criminals who do this for money , we accumulate as anonymous as anonymous , and the final group are the national states , governments who have funded in attacks .
and now look at the cases as they became in the intimacy .
this is an ceausescu example of what happens when the government attacked the civil citizens .
we &apos;re educating them in the netherlands -- or actually , it was .
and lastly , in third-world parts , because that was a compliment .
someone has woke inside and crashed it carefully .
and i asked this last week on a meeting at the head of government government -- i asked one of the senior team , if it seems acceptable to a hacking commodity .
and his answer was : yes .
so how do people die the same as hacking ?
the trumpet is a mineral authority .
they sell up a eyelash .
what do you do with the lamanites ?
you need a certificate , if you want to have a website that has drafted beneficial to its utility , the services as a result .
we all , or the most large part of us , uses a traitor or one of his competitors , but these services are particularly popular in the country like iran , but they &apos;re very supportive of the study , as they &apos;re going to iran , and they &apos;re limited by international governments , so they can &apos;t live over their talks .
just if they can get stuck into foreign medicine so that they can &apos;t go into the foreign chris , bio-mimicry , whatever they can -- bio-mimicry by fact , bio-mimicry for fact , bio-mimicry -- bio-mimicry bio-mimicry bio-mimicry bio-mimicry people bio-mimicry to go into a foreign chris , bio-mimicry , whatever they can -- bio-mimicry by fact , bio-mimicry , whatever they can -- bio-mimicry by fact , bio-mimicry , whatever they can -- bio-mimicry by fact , bio-mimicry , whatever they can -- bio-mimicry by fact , bio-mimicry , whatever they can -- bio-mimicry by fact , bio-mimicry
they &apos;re making a fake certificate .
and that &apos;s exactly what happened in case of a typical case .
and what did such the arab spring and things that were possible for instance in egypt ?
robert egypt mattered in egypt headquarters , and of may , and when they cut a building , they found a lot of incense .
within those lines , those lines were bioterrorism ; &quot; metrics . &quot;
and inside these provinces , they were inspired from a society in germany that used the egyptian government set for labor tools for surveillance -- and at a very large scale , all the communication between citizens in earth .
this tool sold to egyptian government in 280,000 approaches .
the headquarters for this company is exactly here .
western governments providing governments to governments these tools to communicate .
but western governments do this also with each other .
for example , in germany , just a few weeks ago , was found the so-called flanagan vehicle , which is a hallucination used to develop government leaders to explore their own citizens .
if you were a little theoretical case , it &apos;s quite obvious that your phone will be a chore .
but it doesn &apos;t stop there today .
they will control you to control the internet .
they even reuse tools like tensile seeking this with a computer , to listen to this meeting , giving them all of your communication , to hear your online interviews , collect your password .
now if we think more about these issues , the obvious reaction of people would be &quot; well , that &apos;s really not really , but i &apos;m not really going to be doing it because i &apos;m the good citizen .
why should i worry about ?
if i have nothing to hide . &quot;
and this is an argument that doesn &apos;t make any sense .
privacy is implicit .
privacy is not something that &apos;s not supposed to happen .
so this is not the conversation about privacy safety .
this is the question of freedom against control .
and while we can trust our governments right now , right here , in 2011 , any right right , no right , that &apos;s not going to lose .
and really high-power awareness , is to be affected by any future government , a government that will drive us over 50 years ?
and these are the questions we should be interested in for 50 years .
when i was a little kid , i thought my country is the best in the world , and my entire childhood was a song , and i was singing , &quot; no . &quot;
i was very proud on my country .
we &apos;ve been doing a lot of time in school a lot of time with kim il-sung , but that world is very few , but we &apos;re very interested in the world , except america , and japan are the enemy .
even though i thought about the world , i thought about the world , i thought that supremely life is going to spend my whole life , until suddenly everything changed .
when i was seven , i saw my first public company , but i still thought that in north korea , i was doing a normal life .
my family was not poor and i never experienced myself yet .
but one day in 1995 of my mom &apos;s letter , high-power mom &apos;s letter .
it said , &quot; if you read this , no one &apos;s five members of our family right now , because we won &apos;t eat two weeks .
they put together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak that soon we die . &quot;
i was shocked in terrible .
for the first time , i heard about that people in my country &apos;s suffering .
and i went around there and i saw something terrible that i had to leave before you ever ever present to my mind .
on the ground and on the ground , the women and she was holding baby in her arms on the face of his mother .
nobody else has a much more committed care of themselves , and they were all too busy and her family .
in the mid- &apos; 90s , north korea was massive korea .
it had been on a million times more than a million dog , and a lot of them survived only because to invent grass and sticks with trees .
still their common were also shrinking control , so at night they were all surrounding me , the wholly dark of the lights that we &apos;ve seen over the river in china .
i always told myself , why they have light and we don &apos;t .
here you see a satellite shot of night north american compared to the u.s. states .
this is a river of phantoms , which creates part between north justice and china .
you see , the river is very subtle and it can transform more subtle .
but many things were going to die on this .
sometimes i saw after the river of river dead .
i can &apos;t tell my funding from northern instruction , so i can tell about many details , so i &apos;m going to say , in the terrible terrible period of famine .
at the time , i thought ,
it never occurred me to the 14 years before we go back .
in china , the life was young girls , with a family ,
i had no idea what my life as a an iranian refugee will , but soon i realized that it was not just incredibly difficult , but very dangerous . north north brazil , frankly were considered illegal fees .
i lived in constant fear that someone unveils my right identity , and i will miss the fate of destiny in my own office .
one day , the worst nightmare &apos;s ever happened was called me and just presented me .
someone told me that i &apos;m a blind , and so try my whole book from chinese and asked me a lot of questions .
i was very worried that i thought i had my heart manager .
if anything seemed to be remembered , they could get paid and didn &apos;t quit .
i thought my life ended , but i did it with my feelings of free-diving , and i was asked to all questions .
and he said , &quot; overreact police , and that kind of false alarm .
this is not insignificant . &quot;
and they kept me . it was a miracle .
some primary vice protocol : high-power asylum in foreign compounds , but many are caught by the chinese police and bring to the day .
these girls were very lucky .
although it &apos;s detected , it &apos;s after the international international net pretty mainspring .
these were some fun not to do .
every year of getting caught in china and these are going to come back to the mosque where they &apos;re often demanding , trapped or publicly owned .
i was very fortunate when i was developed , most destructive , that wasn &apos;t really good enough .
it is tragic , that embroidery has to hide its right identity , and so it &apos;s hard to fight .
and when they learn a new language and they find a job , the whole world is going to turn up your feet .
so , for 10 years hiding my identity actually decided to risk embodied south and over again .
to him , it was a lot more difficult than i waited before .
and it was imperative that , and so i started teaching my third language .
i realized that between borders and south the south is there was a different difference .
we all are the koreans , but we are in an expert of 67 , completely different .
i had even had a identity crisis .
am i a blind or insecure ?
where am i ? who am i ?
suddenly , i had no country , i wouldn &apos;t tell a country to call home .
although it wasn &apos;t easy to adapt lives in south korea , i was writing a plan .
i started ready at a candidate : the candidate test at the university .
and when i began to look at new life , i began to get another shock in the form of rightness .
it was sent authorities down the money that i was sent to my family , and in case that had been forced by an ombudsman biologist in the universality .
they had to go away , so i started planning to plan for them .
umar has aged on its journey for a very incredible distance .
it &apos;s almost impossible to shift the border between north and south carolina , so i had had transported back to china and then go to the line with northern disbelief .
it &apos;s because he &apos;s not having family , high-power man , i had thrown over over 3,000 miles across china and still in southeast asia .
bus bus to take a week and it nearly poses some poses .
high-power police stop a police bus a little bit a police bus a little time a bus a little soon time a bus a little bus a bus stop the police bus a little bit the police were stopped the police the days a bus was stopped the police a bus a little bit the police were stopped the police the days a bus was stopped the police and , once a bus , was stopped the police the police were stopped the police the days a bus a little bit the police were stopped the police the days a
and they were getting papers . the police did not hire many questions .
and because he &apos;s got chinese desire , i thought it was arrested .
when he came to us , without the root of it , i said , that &apos;s a group of people that were exchanging .
i looked at me , and i said , luckily , to me .
it was able to get us to the border with a sledgehammer , but almost all of my money was needed to use a sewing cherry .
but even after we had crossed the border , my family was been arrested and had been faithful to colombia crossing as soon as possible .
the month after i paid the ticket and the piano was released , but soon later he comes back and saw , this time in the main city .
that was one of the worst moments of my life .
i did all that for my family to get on the freedom , and we got so close , but then it &apos;s getting off by a little bit from the embassy embassy embassy .
i went there and i had a police farmer to get there and i desperately had to get them out of jail , and i couldn &apos;t even have money away .
i lost all hope .
and at that point , i asked the male voice , &quot; what happened ? &quot;
i &apos;m totally wonder , in fact , that peak of bad bad things not like this .
in charge and in his way , i made the dictionary , and he explained the dictionary , and he stopped the rest of their money to release their families and others &apos; dancing .
i &apos;d come up from all the heart , and i asked him , &quot; why are you helping me ? &quot;
&quot; i didn &apos;t stop . &quot;
&quot; helping a encouraging people . &quot;
i realized that this was being given in my life .
it overreact to me and raised for me and raised for a new hope in the moment that we needed most of her , to me , that kindness men and support international communities are truly the ones we need to swirl .
after this long journey , we end up with my family , eventually , in south korea , but getting to survive in south korea , it means only half the seafood .
many cried reports , and when they arrive in a new country , they have only little money or even money to go .
so we need international aid to get education , to learn english , to go through english , go through a lot .
we can also serve as a bridge between people in north korea and outside world world , because a lot of us are holding the family that are left in the country , and send them information to the north korea , and they send them through the information , and that money is going to help us change north korea .
i was very fortunate and i had a huge help and inspiration , and i &apos;d have helped international support for delivering young teenage histories of hope of better life .
i &apos;m sure , in the world , you &apos;ll see more successful , and , at the ted conference , including ted ted .
thank you .
i just have one request for today .
don &apos;t tell me i &apos;m normal .
now , i want to introduce you to my brothers .
it &apos;s 22 , it &apos;s very high and beautiful .
it &apos;s a silent grass , but it &apos;s expressing the way that some of the best speakers speakers ever observed .
he knows what love is .
they share it completely ; they share the circumstances .
it &apos;s not greedy . they don &apos;t want skin color .
i don &apos;t care about the differences in religion and now text : never said a lie .
when she &apos;s singing a song of our childhood , they try to sing words that i don &apos;t even remember telling me about one thing : how little things we know about human minds and how beautiful what we don &apos;t know is , it must be .
hello it &apos;s 16 . it &apos;s tall and really beautiful .
his memory is phenomenal .
but it &apos;s the selective .
remember if he had a candy bar , but remember he &apos;s been asked in every guy in my ipod , having a interviews of him when i was four when i was watching my website showed me and a birthday lady of lady gaga .
do my brothers have incredibly amazing ?
now many people don &apos;t agree .
the fact is , if their mind isn &apos;t done to this basket , in normal , &quot; so supremely , how he understands it , they are often undervalued and incorrectly .
even though my brothers were really amazed , it wasn &apos;t possible ; it &apos;s ordinary ; they &apos;re all special -- and they &apos;re special , and brilliant , so good , i made me care and she wrote my soul .
for you , those who are not very familiar with the account &quot; autism , it &apos;s a complex disease brain effect that affects social communication , learning and sometimes physical skills .
each person gets otherwise otherwise , that &apos;s why they &apos;re coming from it .
and all over the world , every 20 minutes a person is diagnosed with autism , and although one of the fastest-growing disorders in the world are still still not yet the cause of the cause to treat .
i have not remember my first time with autism with autism , but i still don &apos;t even have them anymore .
i was only three years when , when , or , i was very amazed by my life in my life .
and after a few months , i realized that it was different .
quite yelled .
he didn &apos;t want to play as well as a second kid , and actually it didn &apos;t seem to be interested in it .
he would survive and control to our own world , and to control the affection , and the photographs were , like putting the cars around the room and they respond to the machines and eating anything which was given to him .
as it was growing up , the more and his differences had ever been the same thing .
but behind all the athletes , and this frustration and an unending gap with a difference is truly low-fat : clean and innocent nature , a boy who had ever seen the world without prejudice , who never has a reply .
special .
i can &apos;t know that i was going to happen to our family , some challenging moments when i wish i was like , high-power boys like me .
but when i look back at what i learned about the future and communication and i remember , i realize that these are the things that i want to do to make clip-on regard as truths .
it empowers beauty beauty and fact that we &apos;re different by bad .
it means only there &apos;s a lot of forms of what we think of right as .
and if i could say a little thing , you &apos;ll only say you just one thing , i would say you don &apos;t have to be normal .
you can be special .
because you &apos;re not supposed to be autistic or not , the differences that we have -- we have a gift , each of us in a gift , and frankly , the pursuit of precision is the end of potential .
the odds to make size , progress and change die for a time when we try to be different .
please -- don &apos;t tell me , i &apos;m normal .
thank you .
so , i think , you agree to me that this is a very nice road .
it &apos;s sitting down , and it &apos;s now connected , and it &apos;s not always , especially in those days , when it rains a lot .
so , there can be many superheroes .
and when you drive on a bicycle , and you drive your cars , then it &apos;s not pleasant .
you asphalt a lot of noise on asphalt .
it &apos;s priceless material , and if we &apos;re building ways like holland , then we would love the silent way .
the solution is a moving road from the forest weirdness .
porous surfaces that we use on most highway combined , it &apos;s actually contaminated and water simply through throwing through the eyelash , and you still a nice turning window on the clock , and so it &apos;s no longer a discussion .
it &apos;s also noise in the grass .
since it &apos;s a material material , all noise is swallowed , so the path makes noise .
there is also some downsides to this , and that &apos;s the possibility of nerve emissions .
what does this mean ? you can see that in this journey , where we &apos;ve moved from the surface .
first , we take one , and then another and other and other and other and other , don &apos;t do that .
but they can &apos;t follow your frontal glass , which will not make you .
after all , this vent governance can lead to a greater rash .
sometimes they will create a compliment .
oh , it &apos;s done done .
the difficulty is , of course , but we have solutions .
you can see here , the whole problem .
as i said , it &apos;s porous , so i &apos;ve got away there , so there &apos;s little hustles between siesta .
due to chemistry , the u.v. radiation , a photographer , a cement cement cement is knowable , and if we &apos;re broken , they &apos;re going into a little gaps and this cement cement cement from the landfill .
so after you drive on this journey , they grow these bills -- we &apos;ve seen here .
to solving this problem , we were thinking about &quot; pre-vivor material . &quot;
if we can make this material up for itself , then we have solutions for our problems .
so we used the extracellular wave that we use on cleaning stations , we can levitate this quilt into little bits , and these little bits we can plug into .
so we have asphalt very little pieces of steel waves .
then you need a device like this that we can use to a device device .
it &apos;s increasing , especially steel , in fact , in that very good .
so you heat steel , you go down , you &apos;re a chip cement that cuts into the tiny little light , and they &apos;re putting it again to the surface .
i &apos;ve used a subway ending , because i couldn &apos;t bring this big rig across this .
a brewery bottle works on similar principles .
i put it in a sample that i pull in and see what happened .
so let &apos;s do the sample .
as i said , in the lab , we have the tools that we can overcome .
we &apos;ve tested some samples in the lab , and when the government saw our results , they thought , &quot; this is very interesting . we have to try it . &quot;
so we gave us a little peek , 400 yards wide , where we had a paper strip that we tested to this material .
so that &apos;s what we did . here &apos;s what we &apos;re doing , how we &apos;re creating a paper band that then has a few lesion years without any damage . we know about practice .
we took some samples from the road and test them in the lab .
we tested them on aging , they did a meeting aircraft , &quot; free &quot; is our wired equipment and tested them again .
we reenacted this few times .
the conclusion for the survey is that if we take our device on this journey for every four years -- that &apos;s the bigger version we built for the real road , if we &apos;re going to double the system for every four years , we &apos;re able to double the entire money itself .
so to summarize this , we made materials of limestone fiber as a high-speed energy vehicle , as we &apos;ve used the power to grow energy supply , even to die , by using simple instructions .
now , of course , i curious wondering if that &apos;s really what happens .
we have a surge here , it &apos;s quite warm .
in fact , they have a little bit more radical than i &apos;m going to show you , how is &quot; manage . &quot;
but let me try this now .
see , yes , it worked .
thank you .
i &apos;m here to talk about a disturbing question that has the same epiphany as an disturbing answer .
my topic is the secret domestic violence , and the question i &apos;m going to work in is the only question that everybody &apos;s thinking is , &quot; why does it get to be ? &quot;
&quot; why would someone circle the man who was beating it ? &quot;
i &apos;m not a psychiatrist , a social worker , or a specialist in domestic violence .
i &apos;m just a woman who tells you their story .
i was 22 . i just buried frank university .
i relied in new york for my first job as a author , and the call of war .
i had my first apartment , my first little black card of the u.s. race , and i was a huge secret .
i was my secrets that i had , and that supremely was the man i thought of my life as my life .
a man who loved more than everybody in the country had held me with a rifle , and he would kill me , many times i can &apos;t even calculate it .
i &apos;m here to tell you a story of crazy love . a psychological sample pulls you in love , and even several men of men , and even several men .
now this can be your story .
it serves as a typical sacrifice of domestic violence .
i have an english english school curriculum and mba of marketing business school .
most of my career , i worked for 500 , including johnson , and especially promoted and the washington post , overreact and the u.s .
i &apos;ve been nearly 20 years for my second husband , and we have three children in my own incarnation .
my dog is black black , and the harvesting grows grains .
so my first part of you is , the domestic violence is happening to everybody -- all the permutations , to all of the religion , no religion , no income and level education .
it &apos;s everywhere .
and my second example is that everybody thinks that domestic violence is going to happen women on domestic violence only for women .
not so much .
over 85 percent of us create men , and domestic violence is only on others , and more akin to domestic violence , and in other words , we would expect violence to succeed and that is why we would have expected violence so well .
i &apos;m going to tell you that i thought i was supposed to be just the last creature on earth that would be beating . but actually i &apos;m not really for my age was a completely typical victim .
i was 22 , and there was three times more likely to be 15 years ago to spend 15 years ago to be a third amount of citizens , and to feed , and over 500 women and girls will spend their fortune a child &apos;s pound , friend or husband in the united states .
so i was also a typical victim , because i didn &apos;t know anything about domestic violence , his favorite signal or pattern .
i met one cold cold , trees , leaving nights .
he sat down next in his mouth of a subway , and started packing .
he told me two things .
the first was he was also studied university in thai towns , and that was her big bank at wall street .
but the most thing at me in our first meeting of me was he was clever and fun , and he looked like a boy in the country .
he had such big faces , faces as a golden , and his hair didn &apos;t look like a teenager , and he looked so bad .
one of the smartest things that would take away from the same beginning , it was creating an illusion , that i &apos;m in the dominant partner .
this was meant by the beginning that he was loved me .
we started walking together , and he loved me all which was clever to me at harvard to help young girls and not join my work .
he wanted to know everything about my family , my childhood , my integrity and dreams .
i &apos;m not disturbed ; i &apos;m like a hurry and high-power women as well as never did it .
and also between us , a magical environment , by giving me to the secrets that was nazi and 30 boys , and there was a little bit of a tiny little boy than four years from arrested and repeatedly : high-power one more tiny class spent building a new life .
this is why , for him , the degree of modern school was going to work on wall street and bright future future really meant .
if you told me that such a clever , funny , tight man who loves me , one day will be depressed if i &apos;m going to wear a hat , or not , as long as i &apos;m going to wear my friends and where i &apos;m going to spend one day or where i &apos;m going to die , because of the beginning of violence ,
i didn &apos;t know that the first stages in the workforce with the sank violence was a subway and the murder victim .
i also knew that the second step was by the victim of = .
he just got off his home and said , &quot; hey , these stupid kisses and the horseshoer , but i just need to get to the next stage , where i &apos;m going to get away by the next stage , where my own friends and colleagues , who can see bruises and family and colleagues who can see bruises . &quot;
instead , he was going home at friday evening and he told me that day he quit his homework on his firm job , and he said he was eating for me . because she was like to say to me , because she &apos;s safe and sounded , and so he wanted to go to a small dive , so he &apos;d like to go out of the wall .
the last thing i wanted to leave was to leave new york and my graduate job , but i thought for my partner , you have to sacrifice him , and i thought to the l.a. , and they left the manhattan house , and we went back to manhattan .
i didn &apos;t have any idea that i was going to look at this crazy love , that i had the eerie understanding of the physical , financial and mental game trap .
and the next step in domestic violence is to threaten violence and watch its responses .
and they just came up here for a lot of weapons .
once we moved to new england , the places that was supposed to feel safe , bought three weapons .
one gigawatt in circulation .
the second was under the l.a. bed , and the third was still enjoying her in his pocket .
and he said that these weapons needs because of a pediatrician guy who had experienced as a small boy .
he &apos;s needed to feel secure .
but these weapons were a really sign for me , and when you put your arm in the dark , my life was in the minority every minute .
for the first time , she was physically launched for five days in our own hats .
she was seven in the morning and i had aids shirt .
i worked on the computer , and she was trying to finish to finish one regular job , and i was so worn and used my rage as an excuse , and i was reminded of my anger for an excuse to be an excuse to be a crazy one .
five days later , picked up the neck of the neck and i was having the wedding wedding friends and took it .
despite what happened , i was sure we were going to live happily after death . because i loved him , and he loved me , and he loved me .
and so much that supremely happens .
he was just so eager from our wedding , and that &apos;s the family .
it was an isolated event , and he was never killed .
it &apos;s the same twice as though it mattered .
for the first time , i was driving to find one hidden beach and i lost me from the head to head to my head to come up with a second side of my head several times my head hit .
and then a few days later , when we went home from guards , i sat home for transportation and throw me into the face of big mac .
and then she had not come to that one day or twice a week of another two and a half years of our marriage .
i didn &apos;t see myself when i thought i was the only and at home in that situation .
every third american woman has experience with domestic violence or been published over the lifetime , and they lobbied 15 million of children who are 15 month-olds every year .
in fact , i was in really good society .
so back to my question , why did i stay ?
the answer is simple .
i didn &apos;t know i was banking .
despite the fact that he kept his manager of a rifle , lost me from the day , a pastor , high-power kill a dog , he took a flood off a coma when i went to a highway , i had never thought of my wife .
and instead , i was a very strong woman , in love , in love with a very bright man , and i was a only one person on earth who could help tackle their problems .
the second question that everybody asks : why just comes the line ?
why am i guaranteed ? i could go to any .
for me it &apos;s the saddest and ancient question that people ask , because we know what people know , because we know what you know : it &apos;s incredibly dangerous to go from the vietnamese to the rat .
because the last step in domestic violence is to kill her .
over 70 percent of tax violence during domestic violence will happen after the victim &apos;s relationship . after they leave it , because they don &apos;t have to lose what to lose .
other consequences will take a long-standing meal , and if they don &apos;t stop again ; cleaning financial resources aren &apos;t available to family things to maximize their mother and her children who judges regularly make their mother care about alone with the man who gave their mother .
and yet , we ask , why not wire ?
i was able to go until the last one , a remote attack that drives all of my livers .
i realized that the man i loved loved my self would kill me if i &apos;ll leave him .
so i &apos;m a silent silence .
i said to everybody . police , neighbors , his friends and family , he was absolute strangers , and i &apos;m standing here because i &apos;m all going to help me .
we tend to be more imaginative as a terrible titles in the news , suicide women , had experienced goods .
i said , &quot; why is it ? &quot;
people say , &quot; it &apos;s her fault that she &apos;s not in , &quot; if they managed to see fixed into men who want to destroy us .
but i heard &quot; john loves &quot; i &apos;ve heard hundreds of stories from men and women who are also gone away from what happened , to make the life of the lesson and joyful and happy life as a parent , women and moms , life without any violence , like me .
because it turns out that i was really typical domestic violence and a typical school survivor .
i &apos;m over to an dear and a brown man and a girl and got three kids .
i have a black saber of bull and circulatory .
what i never won &apos;t have , never , is a bloody gun that &apos;s ever been on his head to someone who says i loves me .
and now you may think , &quot; wow , that &apos;s fascinating , &quot; or &quot; wow , that &apos;s great , &quot; but i &apos;m talking about all the time .
i swear that there are some people who are listening to me , and who are just the sights or they were unimportant kids or they &apos;re stolen themselves .
sir can persist your daughter , a sister , the best girlfriend , right now .
i was able to end to end the self not just that i was wasting silence .
this again clip-on silence mattered .
it &apos;s my way to help other victims and this is the guts request to help you .
talk about what you &apos;ve heard here .
the healing is done over the silence .
you have to end up with power violence only by going to get there .
we need victims of us .
we need everybody to understand the secret of domestic violence .
whether the drone comes on the surface , you &apos;ll talk about it with your children , colleagues , your friends and family .
again , make a wonderful and wonderful people to the future future .
the first signs of violence and govern govern , they &apos;ll govern it , you &apos;ll show the victim secure .
together we can do our guards , our dining tables and our families and the inventor of others as they should be .
thank you .
i &apos;d like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
there are 10,000 types of birds in the world .
however , they belong to the most vulnerable group of birds .
if you see a slide like this , as the first thing you think is broken , it &apos;s broken , a hardworking , hardworking creature that go after your meat , are distributed with politicians .
i want to change this view . i want to change the feelings that are responsible because we need to sympathy . they really need .
and let me tell you why .
first of all , why do they have bad reputation ?
charles darwin flies across the atlantic in a hospital named beagle , and he saw the sobbing boat , and he said , &quot; there &apos;s a champion birds with bare , red head that was going not seen in brooklyn . &quot;
and you couldn &apos;t get a worse leap , and more from charles darwin .
but he changed my opinion when he came back , and i &apos;ll tell you why .
they also have containers with crime . there are acting as dumb , stupid and magic characters .
if you &apos;ve been watching the printing press , the message is -- that &apos;s the properties that are associated with golf kooks , but i have to make to a standstill .
i have to be relieved . you know why ?
because the representative is clean which our nature is clean .
overreact clip-on disease to prevent the disease disease .
overreact is just being variable .
they have far to extinction .
and my favorite : they look better .
there are two types of downsides to this planet .
it &apos;s taken from a new world , largely lives and urbanism . and then we automatically suck the old world , like the icy species and dissect old ones that we have 16 species of extinction .
so why are they credible meaning ? first of all they give the necessary ecological services . we clip-on .
they are our natural recipients training .
remove the individual as bone .
they &apos;ve helped kill all bacteria , to use swallow didn that would otherwise have spread and have huge percentage sources of animals and diseases .
i &apos;ve shown that last study showing that in the areas that don &apos;t worry , it takes three times long until four times longer than it is that it has a huge implications in the form of the disease .
broadband has also become an enormous historical role .
she played an important role in ancient egypt .
the finns was a symbol of finance and optometrists , and together with the airbag press union and lower graders .
despite the mythology of the mythology , a rational god , who would be to marry her to save the frog of kinshasa to save the frog &apos;s defense .
in a traditional culture , of doing an executive for a major executive ceremony , in places like tibet , there is no place to promote dead or wood to flavor , and they express the natural system entirely .
so what &apos;s the problem with being broken ?
we have eight types of sensors that work in kenya , from six to the most visible people .
what the metaphorical cause is of spaghetti sauce is and the reason it &apos;s happening to voters are a raging conflict of humans in rural communities , using poison to the victim and a forgery to make predators and the creator to the victim and the creator .
in south asia , in countries like india and pakistan , four main parts occupy the hack for serious endangered , which means that they had only gotten to premature endangered animals , 15 years , which was an engineered principle as a vehicle .
in india , this drug is already the drug for minority purpose and they &apos;re convinced .
because there &apos;s no road , he filled down a number of thousands of dogs on eating a bee , and if you have dogs working , you have a huge bomb bomb bomb -- the number of incidents in india .
kenya will be one of the largest wind farms in africa : we can install the wind of titan in lake ontario .
i &apos;m not against wind alone , but we need to work with governments because wind turbines do this -- don &apos;t get them in two .
they &apos;re made of avian meat .
there &apos;s a terrible business business in western africa who are using it in unison and in the midst of cleaning sticks .
so what we do ? well , we do now the research research of these birds at the office .
we &apos;re trying to determine their primary relationships to figure out where they &apos;re moving .
we see that fly across different countries , so if you focus on the problem local , it doesn &apos;t work .
we need to operate with governments of regional levels .
we &apos;re working with the local communities .
we &apos;re talking about them with respect , to needing to respect this best creature and service the service they &apos;re providing .
how can you help ? you can become an active , public public . you can write a letter . you can tell them to write this resource , and we &apos;ve continued to tell them , we need to go on this fancy creature and overcome this information .
you start from the outside of this room , so you &apos;re about running knowledge , but talk about your family , kids , and our neighbors , and their neighbors for hand .
they &apos;re very elegant . charles darwin said he changed his opinion when he was watching how casually and without as as they were , as usual .
kenya and everything else will be getting poorer in these beautiful species .
thank you very much .
when i was 11 , i remember my first encounter in my wake at my wake at my wake at my wake .
my father was on his little , radio radio listened to the bbc .
it had a huge smile on the face , which was unusual because the news usually has to be .
&quot; the taliban is gone ! &quot; actually actually complained .
i didn &apos;t know what this means , but i saw it was a very , very happy .
&quot; now you can go to real school , &quot; he said .
i will never forget that morning .
real school .
you know , i was six when the taliban had gone away over afghanistan and he declared education in a madrassa .
so i &apos;m about five years later to get my older sister , and to get my older sister , that was already out of the way to do the other to the other .
we could only also make two collaboration .
we went a different path to each day to choose each more suspicious , where we go .
we &apos;re very prevalent in a shopping bags to look like we were just buying away .
school was in the house where we more than a hundred surviving each time .
she was a boatload , in the winter of terrible cloth , but in the summer of terrible involuntary .
we were all aware of , we were aware of risk -- teacher , students and our parents .
time overreact to a week , as the taliban had a suspicion .
and we still miss what the taliban knows .
are we watching us ?
know where to drive ?
we were terrible fear , but we wanted to walk school to go .
i was very fortunate to grow up in a family that would expand education and daughter treasure rescuers .
and my grandfather had an extraordinary man .
it was in the republican afghan park that he took after his daughter , my mom would find his mom , my mom was doing his education , and his father was so sorry .
but my education became a teacher .
that &apos;s her .
two years ago , retired to retire in our house , just to make school for the local girls and women .
and my father -- that &apos;s the first one to get a family in the family that has ever received any education .
and it was no longer the debate , and his daughters will be also educated , despite the taliban , despite the taliban .
it was a bigger risk which was debated .
i remember sitting during the end of the taliban had a period of the taliban , when our life lives in constant fear and despair to the future so they will advance .
i wanted to leave school . my dad was always going to say , &quot; listen , hi , you can lose everything you have .
they can steal money . in the war maybe you have to abandon home .
but as you still stay , it &apos;s what is true , and if we should pay your shouldn out for your blood , we &apos;ll do it .
do you still want to go to ? &quot;
i &apos;m 25 two .
i was raised in the country that destroyed a decade war .
less than six percent of women my age became further than to do in high school , and if my family had not changed her cause , i &apos;d be one .
instead , i am as proud of germany as proud of najmuddin .
when i returned to afghanistan , my grandfather was , my grandfather who ran home because so ever so i did my neighbors education , among the first ones who came to the editors .
it boasts not only my college class , but it also was the first woman , and i &apos;m the first woman designed it to drive the street .
my family believes me .
i dream of a great future , but my family had to become more comfortable for me .
and that &apos;s why i became a global unaids global campaign , which is facing education women .
so i &apos;m a motor of kit that is built by the first academic school for the first academic school to girls in afghanistan , where for girls in school , where school is still dangerous to keep in school .
and the amazing thing is that i see student in our school who have ambition and can get taken the opportunity .
and i see their parents and father who is , as my father , as well as my father , despite the winning threat which supremely opposition threat .
like ahmed . it &apos;s not his real name , and i can &apos;t tell you his face , but ahmed is father one of my students .
a month ago yesterday , the daughter was , of our school , to her village , and literally a minute stayed from the weight when getting a bomb off the speed .
when he came home , the phone rings , and the phone rings , that a warning , that if his daughter had brought her to school , they try to try it again .
&quot; i &apos;m not going to see me immediately if you want to , &quot; he said . &quot; but i &apos;m supposed to daughter my daughter because of your obsolete and funny views . &quot;
i realized about afghanistan one , which is often more maligned , and that most of us mattered in the west , is a father that is able to recognize value the value of his daughter and her success as one as her success .
i mean that our mother in our success doesn &apos;t play a important role .
in fact , they &apos;re often the most difficult and traditional distinction on our journey to the future , but in the context of society , like afghan , support is the afghan , support of men .
under the domination of the taliban , high-power girls who went to school , will not forget , in hundreds -- i don &apos;t forget that at the time .
today , today &apos;s s than three million girls in afghanistan .
from america , afghanistan is completely different from america .
i discovered the americans is becoming very fragile .
i &apos;m worried that these will give these kinds of stresses the u.s. not long .
but when i come back to afghanistan , and see my student in our school and their parents who support and encouraging and encouraging , i see the most challenged future and permanent change .
for me , there &apos;s afghanistan countries and infinite possibilities for me and girls in our school not every day .
just like i dream a great future .
thank you .
hi . this is my cellphone .
the mobile phone can change your life , a mobile phone with you personal freedom .
with a margin , you can take a picture in the syria line .
and you can send a message on twitter and then start a protest in egypt .
and you can upload the song , you can upload it to the nanoscale and to become famous .
all of this is possible with your own guidance .
i &apos;m in 1984 and i live in berlin .
let &apos;s go back to this time , into this city .
so you can see how we build hundreds of hundreds of people and we will build for change .
this is the fall of 1989 , and imagine that all those people weren &apos;t raised and protesters in their own mobile phone .
who &apos;s got a phone in this room with me ?
raise it .
raise your phones , raise your phones .
show up . android , blackberry , wow .
that &apos;s enough . almost everybody has a cellphone today .
but i &apos;m going to talk today about myself and his mobile phone and how my life changed .
and i &apos;m going to talk about this .
this is a fanciful information information .
there &apos;s matchmakers that .
and why is this information ?
because in summer , trial board will not travel .
so this set is an assignment set for preservation .
so this pile is saying that every phone company in europe , every internet has to hold the society all over europe , it has to store a huge spectrum of information about locomotion .
who calls who name ? who he owned ?
who &apos;s sending the message ?
and if you &apos;re using your cellphone , where you are here .
all of these information are locked down at least six months to two years from your phone companies or you online online services .
and after all of europe , people got together and said , &quot; we don &apos;t want that . &quot;
they said , we don &apos;t want that preservation .
we want to want in digital age self-determination and we don &apos;t want to store us and internet companies and to to adapt all this information .
it was lawyers , press , illiterate , everybody said , &quot; we don &apos;t want them . &quot;
and you can see that tens of thousands of people went to the streets screaming , &quot; freedom , not fear . &quot;
and some of them said , this would be not 2.0 of war .
the secret was hidden police in east germany .
and i &apos;m asking myself , really , does this work ?
can we really feed us all this information ?
every time i &apos;m going i use my cellphone ?
so i asked my phone company , a primal psychologist that was the largest phone company in germany , and i asked them : please send me all the information you saved on me .
and i asked them for the first time , i asked them again , and i didn &apos;t get real answers .
but then i said , i mean , this information i want to have , because that &apos;s my life , what you don &apos;t have .
so i decided to give it a suits because i wanted to have this information .
but the cynical majority said , no , we &apos;ll get these information to do .
so finally , i had a deal .
i was a winning filed , and they send me to bring up information that i &apos;m asking .
because in the while , the court policy decided that the expansion was on the coastal law , was the prime law .
so i picked this bad brown tied up with cd inside .
and it was like this .
thirty month-olds thousand to these percentage letters of information .
first , when i saw this , i said , well , it &apos;s a huge set of reactors .
but after a while , i realized that this is my life .
this is six months of my life , in this set of light .
so i &apos;m a bit skeptical , what do i do about this ?
because you can see where i was sleeping i &apos;m sleeping , what i do .
but then i said , i want to get these information out .
i want to post them .
because i want to show the people that preservation data means .
so i &apos;m together with online online and open source data to do this .
this is a visualization six months of my life .
you can zoom and zoom in and zoom around and fast forward .
you can see every step that i will do .
and you can even see , as i &apos;m going from the train to the tune of the beach , and as often the meanwhile began .
so that &apos;s all of this information .
that &apos;s a little scary .
but it &apos;s not just about me .
it &apos;s about us all .
first of all , it &apos;s just like , i call my wife , and she will call me a few of us .
and then there are some of my friends who are called , and what they call each other .
and after a while , you &apos;ll bring you and you &apos;re going to give you this big communication network .
but you can see how you communicate to each other when they &apos;re coming to bed when they &apos;re coming to bed .
you can see all this stuff .
you can see the center , who is in the scottish police .
if you have access to these information , you can see what your society is doing .
if you have access to these information , you can control society .
this is a plan for countries like china or iran .
and this is a design which is a blueprint of figuring , because you know who he &apos;s talking to who he &apos;s saying , this is possible to have access to these information .
and these are where there are least six months in europe -- to two years .
as i said at the beginning , i think that all people in the street would find , in the fall of 1989 , would have a phone cell in his pocket .
and they would know who was going to happen to this opera , if they knew who were the leaders in the background , that might never happen before ever ever happened .
the falling on the wall might not exist .
and you maybe maybe a diver stamp or a stick to the band .
because the government today and people want to store so much information as well as can , by extension , online and standards .
they want to be able to watch our lives and want to keep them for the time .
but self-determination and life in the digital era are not contrary .
but you have to fight our self-determination for our boom .
you have to fight them every day .
so , when you get home , tell your friends of the 21st century and not obsolete .
and to you , you know , to tell your promise that society and state administrators are only able to store information , doesn &apos;t really make the information , doesn &apos;t it .
and if you don &apos;t believe me , ask your phone company , what information is to bring about you .
so , future , time for you , when you use your mobile phone , you have your own selves to protect them in the digital era .
thank you .
photography was my passion , for the time i was so old to keep going to let the camera . but today i want to share a 15 year-old people , which i value most of them .
there were no einsteins , no solitary , no chances of repetition , even no lighting on the lighting .
in fact , most of them were taking out random tourists .
my story starts when i was in new york on the remote contact board , and my wife &apos;s first shot me , as i &apos;m holding my daughter , and we &apos;re at a corner of a square town .
we happen to be in new york exactly a year for this , so we decided to take the same picture .
you know where to lead this .
with treating yourself as a woman told me a woman said &quot; well , why don &apos;t you just hang back into new york , you don &apos;t do a journey with the daughter and a baby in the hanger ? &quot;
so here we are starting to ask the fruit tourists to take us to take it .
you know , it &apos;s extraordinary how the conventional tide is a very unknown for someone &apos;s to make a completely stranger human .
nobody ever woke up one . and fortunately nobody else would ever have a camera with your camera .
at that time , we had no idea how could change our lives .
it &apos;s really sacred for us .
this was taken a few weeks after 9 / 11 , and i tried to explain what happened to that day a five-year-old just happened .
these pictures are much more than the only moment the single moment and a little bit .
they &apos;re a way of moving time to stop a week in october and we &apos;ll be doing a year since we were changed from year to we were not just physically , but not just physically , but in any matter .
because as we do the same thing , our perspectives change , it gets new perspectives , and i have to see the world of her eyes , as i have it and everything can see .
this is the defining time that we spend together that something that we value a whole year .
. recently , on a paper paper , we were walking and all of a surprisingly little swiss bag , and she showed up to the red black bag with his professor , who loved it , when she was very little , on our earlier cleaners .
and i &apos;ve described the feeling of being a guy who was supposed exactly exactly in the same place .
she told me that he could not have her heart going to her heart when they first saw it first after nine years ago .
and just just looking at what looks in new york , they &apos;re very high school because he &apos;s going to go to school to new york .
and i me really understood this : one of the most important things we &apos;re all creating , is memories .
so i want to share the idea of who from who foreign active role in providing memories .
i don &apos;t know about you , but for those 15 photos i &apos;m not in most of the family .
i &apos;m always always one thing that photos of pictures .
so i want to encourage everybody in the frame and put it to someone and ask someone to come into the frame and ask someone ? &quot;
thank you .
i &apos;ll never forget the words my grandmother died in exile : &quot; son , the 12th of kinshasa . hangin son , fight the patient .
but never just make you a goal of you to become a boy . &quot;
it was almost two years from the moment of the gay revolution , inspired by waves crossing as well , as the waves would appear in the drc , the egyptian revolution revolution .
i joined my power with many other worlds in mainland america and outside libya , high-power day hatred and pakistanis with the heart of communism .
and that was priceless , a big revolution .
young young women and men fought on the front lines , code for the edges , radio codes , leonard , dignity , the founding mode of justice .
they &apos;ve shown the superconducting lines against the head of a gecko &apos;s head .
on a sort of huge irish east , across south west countries , across south west countries .
finally , after six months of harsh war and tax race , that was almost 50,000 dead , we could free our country and our heritage results .
however , he left for a hard burden of regrets , the olympic tyranny of corruption , and zygotes and zygotes mycelium .
in the four decades a fixed regime , high-power regime was destroyed , not only infrastructure and the moral structure of a society .
she recognizes the clarity and big challenges , i began with a lot of other women fascinated with a company who felt for participation and national footprints .
in the ottoman month-olds in it , it was made almost 200 organizations at the fall of falling down as almost 300 in the trash .
after 12 years in exile , i went back to libya , and that the my most upset i began to organize , high-power western selves , and the human development broader .
i am with an extraordinary group of women a industrialized women in women , the social personalities , in different lives , ways to rebuild socially social women and conflict for our rights on behalf of the system and peace .
so , i met with a very complex environment from the longest period , with the environment that was still , increasingly , the environment that was made of a fellowship and cinema politics .
i &apos;d organized a movement of women women in peace to pass the other rule of the u.s. law , law who would give anyone guys , which supremely voice would take for sure , and also to implement and the trigger and the credit card candidates for no rule and also to drive and the trigger list .
finally , our pursuit mattered and conditions were adopted .
women trained millions of yemenis across the national congress who have been able in 52 years to do and have been able .
anyway , a bit after piece , she enthusiasm of the polls and made out of a revolution like this progressively gradually seen violence -- every day we witnessed the new violence .
one day , we &apos;ve seen the odds the tire of the mosque and the displaced mattered .
next day , we &apos;ve seen a killing of american diabetes and an attack on a motorcycle .
second time , we were seeing a target for military courts .
and each day , we &apos;re seeing the resources &apos;s resources , and their total disenfranchised populations , man and others to follow the rules of the rule .
our society , which was created with us thinking , more meaningful and esoteric month-olds and engineering -- freedom , dignity , social justice -- which had ever been before .
we &apos;re discouraging , exclusion , and or or whatever the brain had the minds of ?
i &apos;m not here in any way so inspired with my success story &quot; the lung list of &quot; and choices .
now , i &apos;m more for the returns to the thumb , high-power us want the bad choice , make wrong decisions .
we &apos;re not right .
we paid libya overreact , durable and safety .
and brought the list &quot; look &quot; and look quizzically , and national leadership and national leadership ?
no , they mattered .
what is it ?
why is our society is growing increasingly efficient and not valued and pollution and how women , so men ?
maybe what that was missing was not only women , but women &apos;s values for compassion is compassion and openness .
our society needs national debate and engineers of permission before the choices that only the limiting divide and our peril .
we have a qualitative representation of women more than to have a farmer , quantitative citizens as well .
we need to stop fighting hatred , phone hatred and phone for hatred .
we need to begin to act as compassion and vice versa .
we need advances a woman who just clip-on as the privilege , but also involving the hypothetical instead of insurance , collaboration instead of rejection ii .
these are the places that war ruined libya the need for peace .
there &apos;s a recipe for peace , and the recipe is something between women and health future views .
that &apos;s true weeks .
and this need to ensure within that before you make the area of rightness .
according to one coherent point : &quot; schizophonia -- &quot; peace -- &quot; is the word of god , god , &#91; unclear &#93; . &quot;
in this operating , &quot; horizon , &quot; which is known in all the world &apos;s traditions , the same roots , like the arabic word &quot; eppasod &quot; of the course , &quot; the fitbit -- that &apos;s spelled out by every human , and all people who have come from , and all people who have died from , and all people humans .
and as you do by the total of southern leather giants , which inside is the augustine space of its existence .
that &apos;s what we are told , &quot; my compassion involves everything . &quot;
and this also tells us , &quot; my compassion needs before my micro role . &quot;
maybe we will all be colonized by compassion .
thank you .
i &apos;ve seen a little bit of what &apos;s been done in the adventures that &apos;s shocked in the wonderland of considering the tower .
penn state , as a senior writer , asked to have an lesson to teach the lesson to students .
i was afraid of this fear .
the real fear , fear of students with big brains and big books and big strangers .
but as the conversation started by developing , i saw what was alice when they were referred to the european hole and discovered there to a whole new world .
i was just feeling , when i was talking to these students -- they gave me their ideas , and i wanted them to be , so i wanted to look so choked up this sphere .
and i believe that great communication is the key to opening the door .
we desperately need great communication with our scientists and engineers to change the world .
it &apos;s the scientists and engineers , which deal with the world challenges , from energy to environment and health and if we don &apos;t know about it and we don &apos;t understand . hangin have to be complete , and i believe that our work is not being done with scientists to communicate .
but that communication can &apos;t happen unless our scientists and engineers are leaking to our empire &apos;s cooperation .
so , scientists and engineers , please talk to us .
i &apos;d like to share with you a few advice on how to make sure that your science sexy and yours is quite appealing .
our first question : what do we have ?
tell us what your science meaning is .
don &apos;t talk about that you study a geology situation , but tell me that you study geology that makes the beatles of our bone structure , because it &apos;s a key thing to understand and heal failing .
and when you take your exploration , be aware that you use incentives that you use .
it prevents us from understanding your ideas .
of course , you can say &quot; sticks and thief &quot; and why do you rather say &quot; space and time , &quot; which is not to make us much more stupid for us ?
and that signified , your ideas of abortion doesn &apos;t even mean which is a lot .
instead of saying , einstein said , do everything which maybe the simplest , but not the perfect deal .
so , you can measure your exploration without being fooled by your ideas .
and a few things that you ought to think of is the example , stories and comparison . this is how you can put and choose to put you into those content .
and when you &apos;re not allowed to make your work , you don &apos;t get to play yourself .
have you ever thought , why is it called the nazis ?
what do they do ? they bounce each one from your concept that means &quot; yuck . &quot;
i can &apos;t see is not just boring , but it &apos;s most likely to look at the languages of our brain and causes that brain is bathed .
instead , that , in fact , image of third-world brown suggested that recording structure of third-world is so strong that by formed uniquely creative design .
the trick is to use the simple , form sentences that can say your audience and say to you , and also provides a visual display that will drive on our next senses and make it deeper sense of what the soloist is doing .
so i think there are a few solutions that can help us open the door to look in the realm of pleasure in the science of consider science and engineering .
and because the engineers that i &apos;ve worked with , i &apos;ve learned to be in contact with the opportunity that each of us is supposed to make an equation that is worth us .
so from science &apos;s science and your jargon , jon fibrosis , ah , the founder of geoengineering -- that &apos;s a message that &apos;s priceless -- and you get the desire for it to do -- and you get the most incredible chirp to you .
and so , scientists and engineers and engineers do this equation , just to mention me .
thank you .
hi , my name is cameron spent over i spent for some time doing enjoyable .
in fact , 10 years .
and it seems to me that there &apos;s a uncomfortable tension here , because exactly these clothes i had to be at home .
fortunately , i took something to the most stable .
so that &apos;s the first ever surgical field on ted , so i think there &apos;s great luck for it .
if i were to have these women , i don &apos;t have to tell me just right here , to see me after that , we &apos;ll see it later .
i understand as privilege to drive , to change my whole view of my view .
not to everybody gets that .
and these inefficient mutants are incredibly uncomfortable , i didn &apos;t even have to stay present to them .
the worst part is the drawing drill over his head , because that &apos;s exactly the moment where you start laughing . so don &apos;t do anything until i have a head of it .
so ...
why did i actually do this ?
it was a lot of deliberate genetics .
well , maybe we don &apos;t , of , as we sort of understand this picture .
image is a powerful , but it &apos;s parachute .
i changed your mind in six seconds .
i never had a friend in real life before this slide .
it was terribly embarrassing and my photographer told me whether she died his back and give it to my hands in hair .
except for some surgery or a artificial tan , i had two days ago , we can &apos;t make a decision about what to do with us and how we look , and yet it &apos;s technological , you can &apos;t make it really , it &apos;s got to do it for us .
so , for me , not to have fear means being genuine .
and i &apos;m on this stage , because i &apos;m a model .
i &apos;m on this stage because i &apos;m a pretty white woman , and in my field , we call it &quot; sexy monster . &quot;
and i &apos;m ready to answer questions that people often ask , except to see the truth today .
so the first question is : how did you have a sociologist ?
and i always say that to find me , but it &apos;s not something about anything .
the truth is , as i became a deprogrammer and other certain features , you may be wondering , you may be wondering , what are those features .
we have been presenting beauty for a few centuries of just a young , professional and symmetry that we &apos;re allowed to see not to end , so the height , by afforded , of seizing , of high skin .
and this is her being a silicon i had in my own desk , which is going to work for me .
i understand that in the audience , people who are in this particular skeptical , maybe some numbers who say &quot; what &apos;s calculated , joan , joan , joan yelling , &quot; annoyed leather . &quot;
first , i want to give you a friend in your own top of a regular -- really impressive .
however , i have to tell you about , 2007 , from new york university after 2007 , that all of his nose came to the piano that were only only 27 than four percent ; they were only 14 other suits than white ones , they were from red to color .
the other question i &apos;d frequently be heard of is , &quot; can i be a prototype when i grew up ? &quot;
and the first answer is , &quot; i don &apos;t know any one of my decisions . &quot;
but the second answer , i &apos;d really like to tell those little bits , is , &quot; why ? &quot;
but you know , you could be anything .
you could be president by the u.s. , or the inventor of new internet , or an italian surgeon , which would be fantastic , because you &apos;d be first .
and if that great decision decision said , &quot; no , no , &quot; &quot; i want to be rude . &quot; then my boss says , &quot; either my boss . &quot;
because i &apos;m not going to have anything , and you could be a major child in the u.s. foundation , or smell for h &amp; amp ; ms , or other steven wise .
to tell you that you wanted to become a missed age , it &apos;s like saying you want won to win by the bathroom .
it &apos;s not in your power , which is good because it &apos;s not a career .
now , i &apos;m going to show you 10 years of my concern of the knowledge of mine , because , unlike any lesson , my job is to summarize my job within the moment .
so if the photographer is right there and the lights here , as a result , as a dead street , and the client said to the walk , &quot; then the leg will say , &quot; cameron like the first , look at the walk , so this one is just a long step back to the left , very long , tedious while .
it &apos;s going to look something like this .
i think quite a little bit less than the photo in the middle .
i really don &apos;t know what happened there .
unfortunately , after you go up and have the winners of the quran that you meet , you have to have a couple of followers , but your readers will say , &quot; model efficient , &quot; so you look at you in the united states .
the other question i &apos;ve been saying i was : &quot; they &apos;re going to perform all of your photos ? &quot;
and yeah , basically they &apos;re producing all the pictures , but that &apos;s just small part of what &apos;s going on .
this is the first picture i &apos;ve ever been hearing , and also the first time i had my meals , i didn &apos;t even have caddies .
i know , we &apos;re going to get a little bit of the body , but i was very young .
so you see this , as i &apos;m looking with my grandmother , just a few months before it supremely .
these pictures are encoded at the same day .
my friend was a choice to go with me .
i &apos;m at a dinner party a few days before i photographed it for a 13-year-old french bank .
so here i am in a beloved basketball and a legacy .
and here i am today .
i hope that what you see is that these pictures are not pictures of me .
but the structure . these are design of professionals -- blind , grapes , boys , editors , and all of their textiles , losers and displaced who will build this . but that &apos;s not me .
ok , the next question i get is , &quot; do you make stuff for free ? &quot;
i &apos;ve really got too many of third-world trees that just normally normally do in real life , and the things that are not going to get in real life , is something that &apos;s not much about us .
i grew up in cambridge , and i went to a shop , but i &apos;ve worked for money in my home , and so i &apos;ve been giving me the dress .
and when i was a teenager , i was somewhere who was walking with a friend who was a terrible driver . the ambulance was a white driver ; and all he had was to say , &quot; sorry , sir , &quot; and we went on .
i get all these things , because i &apos;m looking , so i &apos;m looking , there are people who are paying for what they look like , and not who are .
i live in new york , and in the last year , by 140 teenagers who were stopped by police and underestimate 86 likelihood , was dead or worse or a minority from most of them .
but in new york , there &apos;s only recommended young black or offensive men , so that doesn &apos;t mean if they stop , they &apos;ll stop .
but more many will be stopped and when .
when i did research on this talk , i found that all girls in the united states in the united states had been like the body , and at 17 percent of them like their bodies , this number is 78 percent of girls .
so , the last question i ask which people ask me is , &quot; what is this being a good arguer ? &quot;
and i believe the answer that they &apos;re waiting for is &quot; if you were a bit thinner and she had hair sprouting , and you have amazing . &quot;
and when we &apos;re backstage , it may seem obvious that they don &apos;t get much more .
we &apos;re saying , &quot; it &apos;s amazing to travel , it &apos;s great to work with people who are creative , undermining and heroic people . &quot;
all of this is true , but it &apos;s only one side to change . the thing that i never say before the camera i never told before is i didn &apos;t have a clue .
i &apos;m a insecure time because i have to think about the way i look at my day .
and if you ever wondered if you were happier , if you had thinner your livers and silent hair .
so you &apos;ve had to meet a group of sharks , because these are women who have very thighs , his hair and most glorious clothes , but but at least it &apos;s the least breeding women on the planet .
so when i wrote this speech , i wasn &apos;t very difficult to find the right balance , because at the one hand , i was very comfortable in just saying and say , &quot; look , you &apos;ve got all these benefits , just because of that thing , i was just going to come back and say , &quot; i &apos;m not always going to get that wrong . &quot;
and the kidney was reported these traits that protect me in law and the ideology of it and i will take almost the most conspicuous .
but so i wouldn &apos;t be able to be the opportunity to be here , and i think it &apos;s good that i could come before 10 , 20 , or 30 years away by my favorite contract , or i would have been very hard to tell me about how i had done my first contract .
if there &apos;s an lesson in my talk , i hope that you all realize that you understand power and our vision of success and the vision of failure .
thank you .
there are many ways that people can help us improve our lives .
she &apos;ll offer everybody to each neighbor , so many knowledge mattered , even though we share the same public spaces .
so the last few years , i &apos;m trying to find ways to share with public technology with more for labels , of the mechanics of the front-line and chalk .
and these projects are coming from really on my questions , like for example , how many are my neighbors in his own profile ?
how can we borrow to borrow more and feel more comfortable , without having access to the door in bad time ?
how can we share more of our memories about our abandoned buildings and better understand our landscape ?
and how can we share more of our wishes for the empty walls , so that the communities can express our needs and dreams ?
i live in new orleans and new orleans .
always me wrap up the spirit of heavy brown ricard lover and i entered and spent hundreds of years , and i &apos;m in my city , in which there is still a place for music .
and it seems to me that every time someone conducts , new orleans literally will be the magic of echo .
and you find some of the most beautiful construction stations in this city , but one of the biggest amounts of intrusion in america .
i &apos;ve been close close to this home , and i thought about how i could improve this place , and i also thought about something ever changed my life forever .
in 2009 , i lost someone who i loved to loved .
named joan calls and she was priceless and her death and her death was a sudden and unexpected .
i was thinking about death which i was thinking about death , and i was wondering deep , high-power things that are important to be important in my life .
but i have trouble maintaining that view of my everyday life .
it &apos;s hard to me , that &apos;s easy to keep in touch and forget what &apos;s really important for you .
so with old and new friends , i converted the wall installed in a huge committee and gave the stencils up with the phrase against the phrase : &quot; than i die , i want ... &quot; so anyone walking around in a way , and i &apos;m talking about their personal ambition .
i didn &apos;t know what from this experiment , but i didn &apos;t know what was the whole story that was broken and continued to continue .
and i &apos;d like to share with you a few things that people have written on this wall .
&quot; than i &apos;m dying , i &apos;m supposed to be gross of doing piracy . &quot;
&quot; than i &apos;m going to die , i want to stand on the new line . &quot;
&quot; than i &apos;m going to die , i want singing for millions of people . &quot;
&quot; than i &apos;m going to die , i want to plant the tree . &quot;
&quot; than i &apos;m going to die , i want to live without the networks . &quot;
&quot; than i die , i want to hold it too soon . &quot;
&quot; than i die , i want to protect someone . &quot;
&quot; than i &apos;m going to die , i want to be myself . &quot;
so the tough space space became a decommissioned , and wishes and dreams of people ask me so i would hold me in my eyes and not hurt me in my own awful moments .
it &apos;s consciousness that &apos;s not alone .
it &apos;s about understanding of our neighbors new and urban ways .
it &apos;s about creating space for figures , thinking and wonder and really what we really care about in what we really care and we change .
i did it last year and i started receiving hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to do the company in their community , so my colleagues and my colleagues from urban cultural center have created a battery tools and now his colleagues in the cultural center .
together we &apos;ve shown how powerful the power is to have that path to voice and to share more with others .
the two most sacred things we have is time and our relationships with other people .
more distraction is more important than ever to find the way to preserve life and to remember life , and to remember life is short and fragile .
death is something that we often haven &apos;t learned from , or just think , but i discovered that the generating to death is one of the most intriguing things you can do .
thinking about death doesn &apos;t invent your life .
our collective space may better reflect , what matters as individuals and community and more ways to share our wishes , fear and stories of us all around , not only can they help make better places , but they can help us lead better lives .
thank you .
thank you .
my area is designed . one problem for anyone for anyone who deals for the 13th curriculum , is the fact that we &apos;re like a nationalist of rye .
nobody knows what we &apos;re doing .
i &apos;m going to try to try to try to explain what i do .
dance is one of the most hardworking human activities .
we admire the ballet dancer and the twitters that you see for a moment .
the ballet equals the wing level of the expertise , a vast dose of dexterity and protection and probably a possibility of talent talent allowing a mutation in genetics .
unfortunately , neurological illness , like parkinson &apos;s , is declining physics , is upstream of this extraordinary ability , which was his time display display .
over the past years , overreact is , of big progress .
although it &apos;s called us million people with this disease who must live with a myriad of needles , delicate , which has to live with a bombsight for hand , we need objective tools to make the disease happen .
we need to be able to measure the social disease of objectively objectively a very clear , very clear , to make us know that we really have a drug , is when we have objective metrics that mattered for it .
but unfortunately , for parkinson &apos;s disease , and other effects the motor are not available , there is no shortage of blood test test , the best thing we have is a neurological neurological test .
you &apos;ve got to go to the clinic . it &apos;s very , very expensive , and it &apos;s very , very expensive , and it means that in a clinical trial , never do .
but what if patients could do the test in ?
it would actually save them a hard way to go to the clinic , and what if the patients could do the test , right ?
we &apos;d not need time physicians .
by the way it costs us 300 dollars to actually do a neurologist .
so i want to design the unconventional way for which we could try and do that because , you know , in part of my friend john facto michel .
you have video vibrating vibrating here .
these are healthy , and they &apos;re taking sound in the talk -- we can take a look for pulses of milo whose side we have actions , and we actually have to coordinate all kinds of sweet organs , like the sound .
and as a result , there is an extraordinary level of opposition to the nanoscale .
i mean , think about how long it takes a child to talk to .
in fact , in the same , we can actually watch the position of plotted during the magnet , and just like it can remove its limb , it could mix with the vocal organs .
you can see an example on the bottom graph , by an example .
and you see the same symptoms .
we see a shake , weakness and theology .
and it &apos;s a quiet time and a little bit of clarification and such possible which is from the symptom of the symptom .
these luminous effects you have barely seen , but using digital fitness and using accurate software and using the accurate software thing , it &apos;s exactly what lies on the scale between the health and the disease signals .
how does these test trials run against tax clinical trials ? well , they &apos;re both non-invasive .
it &apos;s a neurological test &apos;s non-invasive . both use existing infrastructure .
you don &apos;t have to build new hospitals for him .
they &apos;re both accurate . well , but on top of getting out tests are broken .
that means they &apos;re just for the barrels .
they &apos;re very fast , they take at least 30 seconds .
and they &apos;re frozen -- and we know what happens now .
when it &apos;s kind of arrogant , the massive-passive mattered .
so there are some amazing aims we can achieve .
we can reduce logistical problems with patients .
they don &apos;t need to come to the clinic for a routine tour .
we can do an monetary monetary and get objective data .
we can perform vast bankrupt gaps for clinical testing and we can coordinate for the first time possible .
we have an opportunity to start with initial recent applications of this disease than it is for late .
we made the first steps , giving insulin by a unhappy initiative .
and we encourage the vast number of voices and fertilizers in the world to send enough data to get these four targets .
we are accessible figures of accessible three billion people on this planet .
whether or for orangutans , or imitation , can call , they cheaply , and the leave record -- and i &apos;m glad to tell that we &apos;ve achieved six percent of our goals over eight hours .
thank you .
so the point is , if you take all these samples , say , 10 people , you know , are you able to say who &apos;s healthy and who isn &apos;t ?
what can you possibly say from those samples ?
yes . yes . it is so , that you have to say whether you have a disease or not . right .
you know , some people don &apos;t have to do that . they don &apos;t have to get to that .
but we &apos;ve collected a huge sample of data for various circumstances , and then we &apos;ve just got to get fine in any circumstances , and we &apos;re trying to get good things in place , and we &apos;re trying to find our own symptoms of diseases .
so are you accurate at this point in 86 percent of the time ?
it &apos;s better yet .
actually , my student &apos;s ph.d. , i have to say , because he did this fantastic job , he showed it to this story , it showed us this project , and we &apos;ll get this project to the right one .
ninety . that &apos;s how to improve .
so what that means is that people can call out their body &apos;s phone and make the test , and people with mycelium could be able to upload their voices , and then they can measure their voices , and then they can check their diseases .
exactly that .
thank you very much . max my brother !
thank you , chad .
i live in the south center .
this is the south center : they filled alcohol , empty habitats .
so , the same the same the same rings , and proposed , that it will change the name of south america so that we can &apos;t deliver the name , so it could give south los angeles , like it &apos;s wrong .
this is south los angeles .
businesses with alcohol and speed , empty waterford .
as a fine-art million of other americans , i live in a food desert , in los angeles , the national brigade in los angeles , the fin fin &apos;s center .
funny is the most likely , the killed killed more people than the car did .
people in the south center of los angeles die for the west .
for example , the rate obesity rate is five times higher than say in black hills , which is roughly five , 10 miles away .
i couldn &apos;t see that , i couldn &apos;t see .
and i wondered , how would you feel if you had no attitude to high food , if you always walk outside the door , saw the negative consequences that causes the current food system in your neighborhood ?
i see how disabled the disabled community is , and they buy , as well .
i see how a center of rye started like starbucks
and i decided that it must stop .
i &apos;m coming on that problem , that &apos;s the problem .
food is a problem and food is solution .
plus i was tired of the runway way and there was to get advertising that wasn &apos;t required to get pesticides .
so i used eating a little eating in my house .
it was a mirror a land that we call place .
it &apos;s a white 50 side top .
the point is that supremely space mattered .
but you have to take them to care .
so i said , &quot; good , i can bother doing what i want to do in my responsibility and it &apos;s going to keep going to keep it . &quot;
and i decided to keep the earth to keep this way .
i overreact and my family &apos;s black game , high-power together , and they began planting my adinkra forest , fruit trees and vegetables .
we do something for others , we &apos;re going from a myriad of lives , across the entire city , and in all of all cities , and we &apos;re complete volunteers , all we do is free .
garden was beautiful .
and then someone complained .
they came up to me , and i &apos;m actually quoted by the city who said i had to remove my garden , thereby settled by the roadrunner .
and i said , &quot; oh , right ?
the slaughter two , a bit of land that you couldn &apos;t take care of less ? &quot;
and i said , &quot; good , here supremely comes which way . &quot;
because it wasn &apos;t a topic .
so the l.a. times that the l.a. times written about it and he talked about his papers and he talked about a wall and one of the strongest york , was called a petition to determine and succeed in either those signatures .
we had victory in your hands .
my ejection call me a call and said , and he said that they support and like them .
i thought , why shouldn &apos;t they have had ?
the l.a. north states leads in the number in the middle that town .
the 70 square miles empty space clip-on way .
that &apos;s 20 parks operations .
that &apos;s a eyelash embedded in an overall tumor .
why would the heck of that matter should .
growing one , you get 1,000 , 10,000 seeds .
one dollar car in green is about 75 dollars of production .
this is my mantra , when i call people to grow food .
growing food is like a delivery of money .
look , i have in the south center of roots .
i grew up there . i &apos;ve been there which mattered to my sons .
and we &apos;re tasked which be created by this artificially integrated reality ; reality that was designed for me by other people . i make my own reality .
see , i &apos;m an artist .
i guess , i &apos;m my graffiti . i &apos;m proposing my art .
as the artists of a graffiti , where they have a beautiful wall , i have a beautiful lover , action-packed .
i &apos;m using the local , soil , as if it was a piece of soil , and plants and trees are mine to film this camera .
you &apos;d be surprised that the land could do when she was totally open to her canvas .
you can &apos;t imagine how wonderful is sunflowers and how it works on people .
what happened ?
i witnessed as a journey as a garden become a tool of education , a tool of transformative society .
to change the society , you have to change the soil .
we are soil .
you &apos;d be surprised to have this limb touched the children .
the majority is the most satisfying thing you can do , and most of the most satisfying action you can do , especially in the center of town .
plus , you get strawberries .
i remember one day holding the mother with the daughter , about 10 of the night and they were in my backyard , and i went out and they looked out and they looked so stupid .
i felt bad that was there and said , you know , you don &apos;t have to do it this way .
it &apos;s got the reason that i have a garden in the street .
i feel myself when i see people , so close to me , they &apos;re hungry , and these are just suggesting that they &apos;re hungry , and people say , &quot; hey , you don &apos;t have fear , that people will steal the money ? &quot;
and i said , &quot; bother , i don &apos;t have fear , it didn &apos;t steal it .
that &apos;s why it &apos;s on the street .
that &apos;s a whole idea .
i want you to take it , but i want you to get away in their health . &quot;
other times i started a garden for the homeless in los angeles .
these guys made me helping me ,
this was what happened , and i told me stories how it was , as the soil was willing and as we wind with their mothers and our neighbors , and it was nice to see how it was , even if it was just for the one moment .
so green horse continued with michel about 20 meters .
about 50 people came to our two-year and been involved , all in been volunteers .
if kids grow together are stars , they will eat biofuels .
when they grow hundreds , high-power tomatoes , will eat tomatoes .
but if nobody had heard of it , high-power no one would see how food and body influence their minds and the body , the living whatever the chinese thing about is going on .
i see young people who want to work , but they &apos;re made together in trouble , in trouble , how do you make the path that someone else has created .
so , i see , in an opportunity to teach these kids to get on their community , to have sustainable lives .
and when we do that , who knows who ?
maybe by the other george washington by bangalore .
but if a change of land chemistry , we never won &apos;t be .
this is now one of my plans . this is what i want to do .
i want to fly the whole block of steel with a block inside which people can share food within a block .
i want this sighted building to build a healthy cafe .
now , don &apos;t get me wrong .
i &apos;m not talking about free for free , because it &apos;s not sustainable , it &apos;s not sustainable .
this really thing is , in the organic sustainability , you have to keep it up .
what i &apos;m talking about is to give people work and get kids out of the street , give them to hope , and the credit one , opportunity for that to enjoy food , our broken farmers .
so , what i want to do here is we have to make it sexy .
i want us to all be the ultimate optimization mix , the hummingbird hawk-moth .
we have to turn meaning what &apos;s wrong .
unless you &apos;re no gardener , you &apos;re not excuse-iology .
be a billionaire , ok ?
and whether it &apos;s a weapon that you picked .
basically , if you want to meet me , you know , if you want to meet me , i &apos;m not supposed to sit around in a sow bag and i &apos;m talking about some pirated , talk about doing a calculation about it .
if you want to meet me , come in a garden with a neutron , so we can use some correlations .
peace . thank you .
thank you .
one of my favorite words in all over oxford &apos;s oxford english dictionary is &quot; schizophonia . &quot;
it just because it sounds so bad .
the word was basically called a politician policy .
even though in the 19th century , a journalist who was supposed supremely better , &quot; a man who was going to say a much better , &quot; a man who didn &apos;t hang on side , program or principles , and which if he wins , it gets there the general force monumental force made by standardized opponents .
i really don &apos;t know what means &quot; mercenary . &quot;
i would posit it that she will have to do something with words .
but it &apos;s very important to be the words of governance and the politicians , and they know that they have to try to seize the language .
so it wasn &apos;t until it wasn &apos;t about in the year , as in the city , where the british man could print the exact audio of words .
and that all makes or a psychotic psychotic sale , the screw-ups which went down against parliament .
she was going to go to the dungeon tower of third-world , and trapped , but it was enough to stand up and finally was in london so the popular day .
and just a few years later we &apos;ve noticed the first application of use data .
most people think it &apos;s in the metal month-olds .
it &apos;s not . it &apos;s on a blade for the press .
but to make you really , as words and politics are doing you back to the united states , just after americans to accomplish independence , just after americans to accomplish independence .
and they had to face the question , what to tell his leaders by singing cousin .
they couldn &apos;t come to .
how does in general leaders have leaders ?
it was led in congress for congress everywhere .
and there was so many different designs , what a word would be .
some people wanted him to say the supreme judge was the tallest judge on washington , next to -- his mach washington , and other again -- the u.s. constitution of the united states american washington .
that &apos;s not twice twice .
some people wanted him just called the king .
they thought it was a volcanic and concise .
and they didn &apos;t even have to be jewish , they just thought that would vote a massive polling exam by accident .
and what you know , it could work .
and everybody was scared of us bored , because this debate went back three weeks .
i read a diary in the u.s. cooling park , which was still saying , &quot; we &apos;ll still talk about this . &quot;
it was the reason which is comforting and debated was against the house of representatives was against the senate .
the height of the chambers for you to washington the cow .
they didn &apos;t want to tell him the captain to him , or his ventriloquist &apos;s idea .
they wanted to give him a payment thing , a missionary major degree that is just possible .
and the title was &quot; president . &quot;
president in the general french didn &apos;t invent that year , but they used to someone for someone who deals .
he was like the prime minister court .
and it wasn &apos;t overreact to the most expensive than said &quot; chief or &quot; vadasabi . &quot;
we &apos;ve been blessed by president small strikes by president and parts of government , but it wasn &apos;t really hard to degree .
and so it &apos;s been consumed against it .
they said , &quot; that &apos;s ridiculous , you can &apos;t tell him by president .
this person will be committed to international treaties and to act abroad .
who &apos;s going to take him seriously , if you put this stupid economy , by the u.s. u.s. american ?
three weeks later , the thou lump of dying .
instead , they agreed to stop &quot; president &quot; used temporarily , but they wanted to implement in our labs , that they also want to implement and experience of nations in the united nations , not called the president of the deceased land , and that &apos;s not called the president of the deceased community , and that &apos;s not called the president of the deceased .
so this leads the bottom three interesting things .
first , that &apos;s my favorite -- so if i could figure out , the musician never asks , is never going to lead the title .
barack obama , president obama , is just temporarily , if you don &apos;t get your money to reward you .
the second thing you can take is that , if the government says that it &apos;s just temporary -- -- even after the years of age , it doesn &apos;t have to happen anymore .
but the third of the best , and this is really important , and i want you to leave that to leave the u.s. world &apos;s military , not so humble , isn &apos;t it ?
maybe it &apos;s because of those nearly 5,000 nuclear soldiers that have available and the most important economy in the world and drones of drones and these things .
reality and history is emitting this degree .
so they won &apos;t have won .
he &apos;s an eyelash clear .
and some other with the u.s. -- the meaning of being considered -- well , was rare .
but today , you know how many nations have my president ?
a hundred forty-eight seven .
and that &apos;s because they want to be as much as those , and so , in and so .
so finally , they won &apos;t win and the house of representatives had dropped and hold of the pants of representatives , because nobody is going to feel even if they &apos;re the u.s .
and that &apos;s the important lesson i think you can take away , and i want to give you to .
politicians are trying to pick words and use them to drive reality and control reality , but in fact , reality changes the world much more than ever possibly could change the words .
thank you very much .
i live here . i live in kenya , in the south edge of national park .
in the back , the herd of my father , and it &apos;s on the equator , it &apos;s national park nairobi .
the national park nairobi is not in south korea , so wild animals , like extensive animals , were thrown out of park outside the park .
and eat them down , and they do this .
they killed our livestock .
this is one of the founders who didn &apos;t get at night . the morning i rose up and found her dead , i felt miserable , because my only 90s was the only thing .
we believe we &apos;re coming from the sky , and we have our animals and land that is built on us . so we so much value .
when i was growing up , lions i hate .
our critics , the trumpet , who saves our village and livestock , they &apos;re comfortable being annoying .
and so they &apos;re killing lions .
this is one of the six lions who were killed in nairobi in nairobi .
and i think that &apos;s one of the reasons why is in the national park the nairobi williams as little .
the boys between six and nine years ago the age of cattle were taking place for livestock , and this became me .
so i wanted to find a way to find myself with lions .
first , i thought to use fire because i thought they didn supremely hurt them .
but then i figured out that much of the blind , and even the tune really helps to see better into the paddock .
but i didn &apos;t even have -- i went on .
my second idea was to use the caretaking .
i wanted memories to think that i was in the paddock lions for the paddock .
yet lions are clever .
the first day they come , they see the pigeon , and go away . but next day they come back and say , look , you don &apos;t wiggle . it &apos;s still a place .
so he jumps in and killed some animals .
i went around the paddock i was around paddock i was down for men &apos;s paddock they didn &apos;t have .
i &apos;ve learned that lions didn &apos;t identify their trees as being moving .
and so i got an idea .
i was already a little boy , like , i love playing on my inside , like the whole day , on my whole day , i was not killed with me , but i had a lot of electronics about electronics .
so i had an old orchid with an old cap and not cut in a tragic machine , like that &apos;s a little device used to die , if it needs to modernize elephants or the traffic .
i &apos;m just given the switch that i can light down or the trees .
and here &apos;s the little light bulb from a broken battery .
i &apos;m all staggered it .
you see , battery goes into a solar roof and a battery of steel steel ; i call it the telegarden .
that &apos;s because the fixed lights are flashing .
you see , the light bulbs down direction , because that &apos;s where lions are coming out .
this is what they see insects when they &apos;re close in the evening .
the lights are flashing and lions for themselves to go around the paddock i go around like i &apos;m sleeping in the bed .
thank you .
this is how i built this home for two years ago , since we don &apos;t have any trouble .
our neighbors heard about this .
one of them was this grandmother .
wildebeests were still killed of the animals , so if i asked them to eat the lights even stand .
and i said , &quot; well &quot; well .
and i &apos;ve been privileged . they &apos;re seeing the edges ; the bright lights .
so i &apos;ve been far away so far for seven home in our village , and it really works .
my idea spreads to over the entire kenya , otherwise the other ones weren &apos;t supposed to regard , elephants , fought , and also it used to feed elephants from the ground from the human fields .
and i got a scholarship for this invention , i got a scholarship for one of the best schools in kenya , the international international school school , and i really worked out .
my new school involved in this is helping for finding money and failed awareness .
i even went back to my village in my village , holding light on the houses that didn &apos;t exist so far and i teach people how to use them .
a year ago , i was only a boy living in existence , and he rang onto the sky . i flew off the sky in the airplane and said i &apos;d like to sit inside the sky in an airplane .
and today i &apos;m here .
i first got the opportunity to go -- at ted .
it &apos;s my dream a very much to become a law engineer when i grew .
i once loved lions , but today , for my invention , it was due to my invention that protects livestock and lions without living himself .
i &apos;m not slagging them off . high-power good thank you . &quot;
you can &apos;t imagine how exciting it is to hear this story .
so you got a scholarship . yeah .
now we &apos;re going to get another electric license .
what &apos;s on your plan next ?
my next invention will be ... i want to make an electrical impulse , electrical impulse ?
i know that electric troops are long a long time , but i want to make my own own .
you &apos;ve already tried , right ? and then , i &apos;ve been trying , but ... i left it because i left it .
between us , richard kong , you &apos;ve got someone completely special .
we wish we &apos;d aged , many luck .
thank you very much . thank you .
everything i do and everything i do -- my life -- was an awful time of work in africa .
during the years i &apos;m 1977 -- i look so young , but i &apos;m not -- i &apos;m not -- i worked in zambia , kenya , shoreline , at work of engineering collaboration with african countries .
i worked for the organization , and every project that we created in africa , they replaced .
i was a hemiplegic .
i thought , in 21 years , we have the italians , high-power good people and most successful jobs in africa .
instead of what we &apos;ve highlighted , it &apos;s destroyed .
our first project , which inspired my first book , &quot; things of hell , &quot; was a project where we were , the italians decided to study food .
so we went to the south zambia with the italian street , to a total host valley , which leaves off the river , and we &apos;ve trained local people to grow , how are we going to learn and ...
and of course the local people had no interest in doing that , so we paid them to come and worked , and sometimes they even discovered .
we were surprised by local people in so large valley around the entire valley .
but instead of asking us why , there mattered so choked , and we said , &quot; thank goodness we &apos;re here . &quot;
&quot; for five dozen women the sex population clip-on dollars . &quot;
and of course , everything in africa has become great .
we have this amazing tomatoes , in the backyard , in italy , growing into this size , in zambia in this .
we couldn &apos;t believe we could believe , and we said , &quot; look how agriculture is easy . &quot;
when a baseball was cute , fuzzy and red , so i &apos;m coming from the river at night which i ate from the river .
we said , &quot; oh , don &apos;t you ! &quot;
and the cynical thing said , &quot; yes , that &apos;s why not going to be there . &quot;
&quot; why don &apos;t you say this ? &quot; you never did . &quot;
i thought , we just wouldn giovanni in africa , but then i saw what the americans did , what they did was i saw what they made , what i was doing , what i was doing , really proud of our project in zambia .
because , you know , we fed up to each major .
you &apos;d have to see the damage -- -- you should see the damage that we &apos;ve made for , we &apos;ve made for some reliable of the people .
you &apos;d have read a book by &quot; dead straps , &quot; &quot; overreact &quot; , &quot; that &apos;s hot .
the book came out in the year of 2009 .
the western world describes eight trillion u.s. dollars over the last 50 years .
you don &apos;t have to swirl those things out .
just read her book .
read out about african women as damage to the damage .
we &apos;re human people , we &apos;re unimportant , and there are only two ways to handle people : we either set it away , or we waste them .
these two words come from the latin root &quot; stories &quot; , which means &quot; father . &quot;
but they mean two different things .
jo : talk to each other from different cultures , like my children , &quot; i love you . &quot;
sponsor : low-income and shared with each of the different culture , as if they were my most conservation .
that &apos;s why white people in africa says &quot; hindu &quot; , head .
as if i got a hall , i read a book &quot; little is a beautiful &quot; he wrote a novel , which he said , most of the economic development , if people get to help help get them , let them be .
this is the first one ever ever aid .
the first one is respect .
now , the gentleman who started this conference , who went down , he put his cane on the floor , and said , &quot; we can -- can you imagine a city that &apos;s not designed ? &quot;
in 27 years , i made a system called a business block where it never leaves things , called a business block where nothing was broken , never brought out , you &apos;ll serve local desire , trying to serve people who have the dream to be a better human .
so you &apos;ll make it -- you &apos;re going .
it never went to a community with no idea , and just sit with local people .
we don &apos;t know from the office .
there &apos;s in the roadside . we see there in pub .
we have no infrastructure .
all we do : we become friends , and we find what a person wants to do .
and the most important thing is passion .
you can give someone a idea .
if that person doesn &apos;t want to do what you do ?
the passion that has to regard for its own growth is the most important thing .
the passion that has to have for its own growth is the most important thing .
just then we help them go and find knowledge , because no one can survive .
the person who has an idea might not have knowledge , but knowledge is accessible .
so , many years ago i had this idea : why we , at least for once , the voice to the community and people will do whatever they do , why , for once , we will stop listening to , but not to community respect .
let me tell you a secret secret .
on the community meetings , there &apos;s one problem .
entrepreneurs never figure out , and they &apos;re never given -- to public meetings , what they want to do with their money , what the opportunity wanted to do .
so planning has this blind spot .
the smartest people in your community even don &apos;t know , because you don &apos;t have your public encounter meeting .
we do what we &apos;re doing to one , and when we work this , we need to create social connections that don &apos;t have yet .
we need to create new professions .
professions are a family doctor , family doctor , who sits in your house at the kitchen table , and a coffee table , and it helps you find the resources to become the living .
with this , i started to have a trial in the hotels , in western australia .
at the time , i was doing a ph.d , and it was trying to get away from the most devastating intellectuals that we come in and tell you what to do .
and so what i was doing in the first year was that i just went blind blind and in three days i had my first client who would help the ball in a garage , and it was a homeless guy , and then i had to sell fishermen to the crash , and do that ? &quot;
i helped these five suits come together and get the wonderful cooling plateau which went to a sushi insignia at 40 cents , but we found a way to get the fish to japan to supremely , 15 bucks to come and say , &quot; hey , you &apos;ll help them . &quot;
i had 27 pieces of projects on a year , and then the government came , and says , &quot; how do you do that ?
how can you -- &quot; i said , &quot; i &apos;m doing a lot , a lot of complexity .
i &apos;m going to keep a microphone , and i &apos;m listening . &quot;
so -- -- so the government said , &quot; do you do it again . &quot;
and i &apos;ve done this in 300 communities all over the world .
we &apos;ve tried 40 thousands companies .
there &apos;s a new wave entrepreneurs that have dying .
peter scenario , one of the largest prototype web in history , died in 96 years ago , a few years ago .
peter gollwitzer was a professor of philosophy before it in business , and this peter raises it : &quot; planning is actually stuck with criminal companies and the economy . &quot;
the planning kiss of business as business .
so now we &apos;re going to finish suggesting that the smartest people in the violin wanted to do with their money and their energy .
and you have to learn how to get these people to come and talk to you .
you have to offer them trust , privacy , you have to be great in helping them and they come in .
in thousands of thousands of people , we have 200 clients .
can you imagine the developing community of 400 thousands of people , that intelligence and passion ?
who slide the slide today are the most clapping ?
my local , passionate people . those are clapping .
what i mean is that business is a place where it is all over .
we &apos;re at the end of the first industrial revolution -- we &apos;re leaving fossil fuels -- and suddenly , we have systems that are not sustainable .
the internal engine is not sustainable .
the power is not sustainable .
what we need to focus on is how to feed , to control , to educate , educate , communicate for seven billion people and a grown in fashion .
the technologies that made this set have not yet are true .
who &apos;s not designed this technology for green revolution ? universities , forget it .
the government ? forget it .
they &apos;ll get entrepreneurs and they do this already .
there &apos;s one wonderful story that i read in a scientific journal about the future of a lot of years ago .
the researchers were invited in a year of experts in third-world countries .
in 1860 , these people came together and all the marginalized about what might happen the city of new york for 100 years and the solution was buried : the city of new york for 100 years it won &apos;t be happening .
why ? because they looked at the curve and they said that if the population is like this growth , it will spread around new york , and they &apos;ll need to spread six million tall , and they &apos;ll be able to deal with the blackened six million tall horses and that &apos;s worthy of us .
they don &apos;t have to be teased at raves .
a year of aspiration , we &apos;ve seen that dirty technology that &apos;s going to bring to to end the life in new york .
and what happened ? for 40 years , in 1900 , the u.s. american farm was colonized by cars company -- they were setting .
the idea was to try that other technology at all , and they were tiny , tiny greenhouses in the log .
chad , michigan . henry ford .
anyway , here &apos;s a secret for collaboration with entrepreneurs .
first , you have to give them trust .
otherwise he figures out , they &apos;re not going to talk to you .
then , you have to offer them the absolute , direct , passionate services .
and then you have to say the truth about business .
very smallest , the biggest society , it must be able to do three things : the product you want to do : the product you want to sell , you have to have a fantastic corporation , and you have to have great financial management .
guess what ?
we &apos;ve never met the only human being , to sell that , sell and control money .
there is no one .
this one has not been born .
we &apos;ve done research and looked at 100 leading companies in the world -- carnegie , military , edison , ford , all new companies , google , yahoo .
there &apos;s only the only thing that these leaders have in common in the world in common , just one : one really &apos;s human .
now we &apos;re learning in r &amp; amp ; d , and we started putting them first two sides of her flying richard law , and the task was invited in the first two pages of richard richard households , and many times the way he used the word &quot; we &quot; . &quot;
not one word &quot; self &quot; and the word &quot; regrets .
he wasn &apos;t alone when it launched .
no one &apos;s trusting society ; no one .
so we can create the community where they will have the ones that have experiences from small businesses , they target waiting for coffee , to look at a bar and will listen to a little while , who says , &quot; what do you need ? &quot;
what can you do ? you can &apos;t do that ?
okay , do you know that ? celebrate money ? &quot;
&quot; oh , no , i can &apos;t do that . &quot; he &apos;d like you to find somebody ? &quot;
we put the community .
we have groups of volunteers who support the entrepreneurial practice that will help for resources and people , and we found that a miracle of local intelligence is that you can change a culture and the economics of the community , just by creating desire and energy and imagination of my own people .
thank you .
now , before the year of 2011 , i worked as a young photos in new york .
we &apos;re arrested , the gray animals .
we &apos;re not going down in the dark rooms without windows , high-power general apathetic cases .
we make the copernican biggest away , perfect north border , impossible to make all of us cold , but some of us have really most talents artists with the most real understanding of the image and photography .
at the 11 14 , i watched at home , as well as the rest of the world , the evolution of an event in japan .
and soon after the organization i was wrapped , all right mattered , it &apos;s all right , in the field , and it &apos;s got to become tragic .
i , with other volunteers , knew that we couldn &apos;t just sit home , so i decided you could just sit back to him for three weeks .
then , i came to town in particular .
this is a small fishing town in the agricultural rift , high-power about 50,000 people , and was one of the first ones that was modified by the tsunami .
it was recorded that water here went over here to 30 meters over the mainland , and we spent over three miles across the mainland .
as you can imagine , the city was broken .
we are blogging from overreact and rolling .
we got the school . we were the marine workforce and we covered them so ready to be ready for the vietnamese .
we unleashed tons and tons of thousands of thousands and feed off the fish of the local factories of organizing fish .
we forged and loved ourselves .
all weeks , all expenses , ages , they find things .
and they were photos and an album to photos and cameras , and they &apos;re flying ,
and everybody did the same thing .
they &apos;ve collected them together and offspring them to fit them into a different place in different cities .
i failed to failed , how much of the personal losses that people felt , these pictures made these pictures of shattered them .
as they ran before whose doodles have retreated , on bare lives , absolutely everything that they had to have , everything had to go .
at the end of his first week , i helped her get a center center in the city .
i helped to clean the karate , community diets , which is a huge growth .
it was a place in the city where the bladder dominated by a picture .
people are exposed to people , and i had the privilege to describe their hand cleaning people .
it was an emotional and inspiring and i heard about thinking about the mindset outside the passing track , but when i was getting before my tracks , something happened .
as i became onto photos , i found some of the older month-olds came in an envelope of an older , and a hundred years from the lab , i couldn &apos;t help myself as i could do the same part of the lab and repair the extremist , and i knew hundreds of people who could make the same same thing .
so that evening , i tagged down on facebook and asking some of them and in the morning and the dark reaction that i knew we needed to do .
so we started with a picture pictures .
this was the first one .
not so hard , but instead of not , where water has proven to change color on their face , it must be associated with great precision and precision .
it &apos;s no longer the girl looking like her girl , and this is undoubtedly the old unhappy man who owns the picture of the picture .
and during the time of course , more photos mattered more , luckily , and so i found a bunch of trips and spent on five days and 80 people from 12 different countries wanted to help .
in two weeks , i had 150 people who wanted to be involved .
in japan , we spent my trusty landscape going to the city of town and north town in the town of surviving .
one week , we set our scanning hardware scanning for temporary injuries that were created and people raised their pictures back .
some older ladies never before the scanner saw the cracks before , but when they were found , in 10 minutes , we could get it in the cloud , and a photo was taken to high-power the cloud , and a photo was taken to be taken on the cloud , and it started to be ruled .
but the time that it took us before we got it back is completely different and depended on the scale of it .
it could take a hour . she could take a shot of weeks .
it could take months .
the prakash , in this picture , had to be more likely to be less likely by hand , or the other side of the middle section of the water .
it was time-consuming .
all these pictures were filled by water , saltwater by water , with his plants , were in high waters , sometimes in oil , which is to be described by time , so a huge part of the project was by deaf .
we couldn &apos;t overreact until the fact until the fact they were wiped , so dry , and she &apos;d fallen her owner for her owner .
we had our best fortune with our patriotism .
it led us an amazing local woman .
it &apos;s very easy these damage to pictures even more .
as the consequence said the team , the integrity , it &apos;s like something tattoos .
you have no option .
miss , which brought us pictures , was lucky to be , at least if it &apos;s about them .
she started by his nose and he stopped , when she realized they &apos;re damages yet .
it &apos;s also supposed .
the areas that was in her husband and her face that would otherwise be completely impossible , we could put together in one good photo , and that whole new process of process .
when photos of us come from us , shared with us just a bit of my story .
her photos found her husband her husband at the local hospital station , a lot from the place that used to run her house , and to know it .
the tsunami was after the marketplace was challenging , it was barrier against the tsunami &apos;s tsunami .
he had to go towards the water when they began to sound asleep .
her two little boys , actually , not that little , but her two boys were both in school , in different schools .
one of them is going nowhere in water .
it took her week until he got to find it and he found that everyone survived .
that day , i gave her photos , and she was also a day when he had her younger son on his birthday .
for her , despite it , they were the perfect best option for him , something that could look the back for him , something that was broken from a lot of events from the day on his day of life , when everything was changed in his life or it was destroyed away .
after six months in japan , all expenses has helped us have to release us more than pc photos , most of them -- -- most of them actually find their home , which is important .
over 500 volunteers from around the world us helped to give 90 families a hundred photos hundreds of photos back , completely competent and subtraction .
and during that time , we &apos;re flying over 1,000 dollars , and it took over $ 1,000 , that most was at the printer .
we are constantly doing pictures .
and a picture is a subset of someone or something , the relationship , the beloved person , loved someone .
they are the tools to promote memory and our past , the last thing you &apos;d take , and the first one you &apos;d go to search for .
this was the whole project , about the most unequal kind of humanity , a challenge that mattered to the addition back .
if we can put a picture in this form , it makes a huge change in human life in a person that gets gets gets .
the enormous transformation has made a huge change in lives .
some of them gave the connection to something larger , they gave a back to something very , given his talent lens to something else in perfect unemployment .
i &apos;d like to end up to end from an email that i received from one of them , cindy , on the day that i finally returned after six months from japan .
&quot; i was working , &quot; i couldn &apos;t demonstrate people and stories captured in the photographs .
especially , a picture which sells a lot from my grandmother &apos;s early day after a little girl named doodle was a emotions to me , because they &apos;re similar to my family , my grandmother , mother , me and johnny daughter , kept being constrained on our wall .
all over the world , across time , are our essential needs , are in the same way , right ? &quot;
thank you .
i &apos;m 45 meters deep in the illegal underground configuration .
the air is a volcanic grass and dust and breathe ; it &apos;s hard .
i can feel the glimpse carries the body &apos;s broken body down in the dark , but i don &apos;t even see much more .
i hear voices , but usually them the most profitable of third-world men and a firm extended tool .
similarly , in other , i have a rainwater repository on my head by elastic peel , and i rarely agree the glad the branches of the white wall square dioxide dioxide below earth below to below the ground below the ground .
when my hands weren &apos;t aware , i suddenly think of the woman coming in a couple of days that i met about a couple of days ago .
whereas today , the men are still deep in the hole today , they &apos;re still buried in the hole , not either or vegetables , and often die .
i got out of that hole , and i got home , but they probably won &apos;t be going to be able to do that because they &apos;re supposed to be trapped in slavery .
i &apos;m in the last 28 years of ancient culture in over three countries on three countries and in 2009 , i had a great honor to be on a peace curriculum in vancouver .
between all those great people that i met there was also wise free time extending into sri agendas , toward the nonprofit eradication .
we started of slavery to slavery , and i started writing about him because i knew there are no other things in the world , but not overreact .
after i made , i felt badly and was myself my shortage for lack of my knowledge about this cruelty and thought that if i don &apos;t know how many other people don &apos;t happen in my lifetime and thought about that if i don &apos;t know how many other people don &apos;t know ?
it was a lot of rain , so in a few weeks , i flew out to los angeles , to met with his free path to his path and offered to them .
so it started to be in the pathway of the slavery .
what &apos;s special about many of those places before i &apos;ve been .
some i even thought for my second home .
but this time , i saw a dark secret .
careful estimate is that over 27 million people are in the world today .
this is twice the amount of people coming from africa through the entire trade trade .
150 years ago , a slave working in agriculture about three times more than a year a year paid a year .
and that &apos;s probably about 50,000 dollars in using cash in today .
and yet , they can be now families after the generation of law after 18 dollars just just hear debt as a 18 unit .
basically , the staggering thing , of slavery , are global cost over 13 billion dollars a year .
many were committed promise promises , better job , just to figure out that they &apos;re forced to operate no salary , under the violence violence , and they can &apos;t leave away .
today , slavery is for trade , so goods made human people &apos;s value , but people who made it made , are replaced .
slavery is everywhere in the world , and yet , it &apos;s illegal everywhere .
in india and nepal , i was put put put in put , actually .
this strange and worst look as being developed in such ancient egypt or not hell .
a mutation by about 55 degrees , men , women , children , actually , all the families were allowed in fat trading up sugar , while their loan soda were bulging from fat to their trucks a hundred ft .
the raping protocol and the flashing , worked quietly , washing this task over over 16 or 17 hours a day .
there was no food on food , the porch , and serious preoccupied preoccupied messages .
and it &apos;s hot and it &apos;s hot , that my camera has become very hot and dropped it .
i had to go back to our car for every 20 minutes to fly my equipment and gave him the air to the air to hold it up , and as i sat there , i realized that my camera gets a much better greater than these people .
when i went back to the ted day , i wanted to cry , but wasn &apos;t until me very quickly and said , &quot; shawn , don &apos;t do that . you don &apos;t know . &quot;
and i explained , very clearly , how to tell the emotion of the emotions in these places very dangerous , not only for me , but for them .
i couldn &apos;t have them direct aid .
i couldn &apos;t give them any money , nothing .
i wasn &apos;t to the country .
i could get to get into a worse situation than they were .
i had to rely on free path path that they will work within for their liberation and i believed it would be .
and as in part , i had a wait for a wait until i got home so i could really feel my grief .
and , in the himalayas , i found kids throwing out the trees which were down down below the below being down on the road .
big sheets of uber were harder than the kids who mattered , and the children were carried with their heads , using these commands , using these twinkling mercury , rope and clothing clothes .
it &apos;s hard to see something so much not to see .
how can we influence something so much so much which is so conspicuous ?
some don &apos;t know that they &apos;re being groomed , people working 16 hours a day without any wages , because that &apos;s the situation where all of its life have been .
they don &apos;t have anything to call that it would be here .
when these villagers hire freedom , it &apos;s the target which mattered all their homes .
i mean , these people had no thing and they were so frightened of writing , but a woman from the center is made to stop and nurture and doing the same plain work , but they &apos;re doing the same devastating job , but they &apos;re doing it for yourself .
now , trade is what often happens when we hear the word slavery , and to the realization of this purpose , i was assured that for me , it would be hard to work safely in this particular field .
i was a hemiplegic women that were before the sex supply .
would sit me down after a desperate stairs who got , the rolling rolling basement .
it wasn &apos;t completely stupid .
it was like a restaurant .
so the restaurant restaurant is called in my business , it &apos;s places for business .
every single private room that is available to the slaves , women together with young girls and boys , of whom have only been seven years , forced to have been forced to buy more food and alcohol .
each dog is dark and taxes , dog number lined on the wall and refined grains and textiles .
we often have to put tragic sexual abuse from your customers .
in almost complete darkness , i remember feeling fast , not worrying and at that moment , i could imagine what was made to be caught in this hell .
i had the only way to go out : the steps that i came after .
there was no back of third-world tickets .
there wasn &apos;t any window enough to get through it .
these are not any aid , and when you look at this kind of hard topic , it &apos;s important to be aware of that slavery , including trade , there is also our own environment .
thousands of people are emerging in agriculture , in the restaurants , in domestic service and this list can continue .
the new york times called , who called that 100,000 , 1,000 u.s. children is sold to zero slavery .
it &apos;s all around us . you just see it .
the textile industry is next that often comes when we hear about the task work .
i was visiting in india to see where the entire family was in the store with an allowance .
these are the families &apos; portrait .
and those black hands include father , both the blue and red his sons .
the colors inside these large altitudes , and we silk silk in liquids , but when the color is reinforced .
my translator told me their stories .
&quot; we have no freedom , &quot; they said .
yet , we hope that one day we &apos;ll leave that house and go to some other place where we get your golf paid for him . &quot;
it &apos;s been a mere claim to 4,000 children &apos;s washing tank , and the largest times ever including the world .
i was coming to a moment when i first arrived at a moment .
what could i see like a family fishing on the boat , two older brothers , some younger kids , that makes sense , right ?
everybody &apos;s wrong . everybody was busy .
kids are taken away from their families , getting to business and across business and continue to work infinite hours on what knopf is .
this little child has eight years .
and it fears fears that our kitchen looked , scared that she bursts his tiny little footprint .
it was the horror without being able to fit into water .
the thin metal plate of an watson set up a primal superconducting network , and the cable infant lives are diving into the water , to the net of law .
many of them will be it it &apos;s tougher .
what remembers , was forced forced to work on how to find .
scared of my liver , they don &apos;t protect my livers and not continue to tell him the whole length of his life , it &apos;s passed down to younger patents , which lead .
i met these boys in five morning when they &apos;re coming from the last morning and they worked from one .
overreact in the cold wind .
and it &apos;s important to realize that these networks weighs more than thousand pounds , when they &apos;re full of fish .
i &apos;d like to introduce you to a quick baseline .
kofi annan was a broken village .
i met him in center , where free the delta throws go back into the concrete ballot .
so here we go for well , here &apos;s the hot area of water , and the great news of water is that what i mattered today and you say , it &apos;s coming back to my family , and what supremely mattered , that day , is to have a living for living and better .
kofi annan is the embodiment of possibility .
who is going to happen because someone has a combination and made in his life ?
when we went after the road in ghana with partners from free time , a fellow advert on his crew suddenly allowed to fit to our vehicle and the disastrous in the inevitable .
he told us to follow him after the jungle path .
at the end of the way , they gave us up the car , and said , the car drivers would stop it .
then he showed up at a very rough site , and he said , &quot; this is the journey . this is the journey . &quot;
as we went after it , we &apos;ve engineered with moving plants of indoor soil and about a one-hour walking around that journey , i found that the journey was filled by rain rains , and i &apos;ve got photographic imaging over my chest , which is not going to affect me on my chest .
and after the next two hours , he falls back on the table and had a lot of holes that could come on a football box and there were a lot of chicago that could come on a football box and all of them were filled with virtuoso blocks .
many women had tied to his back , whereas the gold cap and pain became the water &apos;s nap .
the follow-up being used during the vaccine .
these clipboards are wrapped in a pot tire to other parts ghana .
when they got off the runway , they were from , high-power own taste swim .
i remember looking at their stereotypical , blood eyes , because many of them were arrested under a 72 hours .
tapirs are to 90 feet up , deep , and they &apos;re heavy crews that will later have been drowned later in other areas where rocks will get rocks and get gold .
the first point is , instead of a very strong male person , but if we look closer at the edge of some less happy and kids and we see some less happy and kids and kids too .
all of them are victims of injuries , disease and violence .
in fact , it &apos;s very likely that this strong person is going to end up like this , tuberculosis tuberculosis and photovoltaics for just a few years .
this is a decimal house . when his father died , his uncle got him to get his work off the mines in mines .
when his uncle passed away , he passed away by debt debt , which then drives him off to be riskier .
when i met him , he worked in mines over 14 years and injuries that you see here , actually the barber surgeon , who was so serious that doctors would be able to be a arm .
furthermore , he has a surge of tuberculosis , yet it &apos;s still forced every day to work in that shelf .
but still my dream is going to be high and running with local activists like free the path and it &apos;s this kind of resolute , despite a delicate task that fills me complete wonder .
i mean to slavery light .
when i worked in field , i took many of the candles and i told people i &apos;ve been telling people i &apos;d like to send their stories and their private destiny , so that i photographed them , and for me , i &apos;m very , very concise pictures .
they knew that their photo would be in the world of seen .
i wanted to know that we were going to see them and we do what we can help to make in their lives .
i really believe that if you can see one other like an equal human species , then it will become very difficult to tolerate meaning as slavery .
these are not pictures of things . they are people , real people , like you and me , of course , the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
not a day , i wouldn &apos;t think about these many beautiful , most inspiring people that i had had the great privilege to meet .
i hope these pictures wakes up in those people who see them , and i hope to make the power of a fire and that fire will be toxic in slavery , because without the lights that can be described in the shadow , because without the lights can be deployed in the shadow .
thank you very much .
